--- Page 1 ---
M-67740053-19 
1 
 
ZIPA PRECIOUS METALS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability under the laws of Ireland under registered number 
734888) 
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE ISSUE OF GOLD SECURITIES 
This base prospectus is dated 8 March 2024  
 
Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company (the Issuer) accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import.   
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (in its capacity as the Administrator) accepts responsibility for the 
information relating to Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited contained in the section entitled "Description 
of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties". To the best of the knowledge of Apex Fund Services 
(Ireland) Limited the information contained in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer and Associated 
Programme Parties" relating to it is in accordance with the facts and the section entitled "Description of the 
Issuer and Associated Programme Parties” makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (in its capacity as the Calculation Agent) accepts responsibility for the 
information relating to Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited contained in the section entitled "Description 
of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties". To the best of the knowledge of Apex Fund Services 
(Ireland) Limited the information contained in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer and Associated 
Programme Parties" relating to it is in accordance with the facts and the section entitled “Description of the 
Issuer and Associated Programme Parties” makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
HSBC Bank Plc (in its capacity as the Custodian) accepts responsibility for the information relating to HSBC 
Bank Plc contained in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties". 
To the best of the knowledge of HSBC Bank Plc the information contained in the section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties" relating to it is in accordance with the facts 
and the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties” makes no omission 
likely to affect its import.  
Zipa Management Limited (in its capacity as the Manager) accepts responsibility for the information relating 
to Zipa Management Limited contained in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer and Associated 
Programme Parties". To the best of the knowledge of Zipa Management Limited the information contained 
in the section entitled "Description of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties" relating to it is in 
accordance with the facts and the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Associated Programme 
Parties” makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Apex IFS Limited (in its capacity as the Corporate Service Provider) accepts responsibility for the 
information relating to Apex IFS Limited contained in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and 
Associated Programme Parties”. To the best of the knowledge of Apex IFS Limited the information

--- Page 2 ---
M-67740053-19 
2 
contained in the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Associated Programme Parties” relating to 
it is in accordance with the facts and the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Associated 
Programme Parties” makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Administrator, the Calculation Agent, the Custodian, the 
Manager or the Corporate Services Provider accepts any responsibility (whether arising in tort, contract or 
otherwise) for the other contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to 
be made by it or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Gold Securities. 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Gold Securities that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of any investment in Gold 
Securities.  
The Central Bank’s approval relates only to the Gold Securities which are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
(the Prospectus Date), to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial 
Instruments, as amended, (MiFID2) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European 
Economic Area. To the extent required, this Base Prospectus as approved by the Central Bank will be filed with the 
Companies Registration Office in Ireland. 
This document also constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of the United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act of 2018 (the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) and has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act of 2018. The FCA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the UK Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Gold Securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of any investment in Gold Securities.  
The FCA's approval of this Base Prospectus relates only to the Gold Securities which are to be admitted to trading 
on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange or which are to be offered to the public in the United Kingdom. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation to relevant competent authorities in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, 
Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands by providing each of them with (amongst other things) certificates of 
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The 
Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA States with such certificates 
whether for the purposes of making a public offer in such EEA States or for admission to trading of all or some Gold 
Securities on a regulated market therein.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to 
supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not 
apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. A copy of this document, which comprises a prospectus relating to the 
Gold Securities of each type in compliance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 8 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, as in force at the Prospectus Date, has been made available to the public at 
www.zipa.co in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 21 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation.  
Application has been made to the FCA for the Gold Securities to be admitted to the official list of the FCA and for 
the Gold Securities to admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange plc (the London Stock

--- Page 3 ---
M-67740053-19 
3 
Exchange). Admission to the official list of the FCA and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
are offers made under, and admission to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of, the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. Investors should be aware that such admission to the official list of the FCA and trading on the Main 
Market are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and admission to 
trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer intends to make an application to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange for the Gold Securities to be admitted to 
the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and for the Gold Securities to be admitted to trading on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange regulated market Xetra (Xetra). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Gold Securities being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Gold Securities have been admitted to trading on either of the London Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation, or Xetra, which is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and for the purposes of MiFID2. 
The circulation of the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the marketing, sale and delivery of Gold Securities 
may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer requires all persons who come into possession of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms to inform themselves of and to observe any such applicable restrictions. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Gold Securities and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms. See Section 14 – Selling Restrictions for more information. 
The Gold Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the 
Securities Act), as amended, or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. Except in a transaction 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable United States securities laws, the 
Gold Securities may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, delivered or transferred in or into the United 
States. See Section 14 – Selling Restrictions for more information.  
An investment in Gold Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors may lose some or all of 
their investment. It should be remembered that the value of the Gold Securities can go down as well as up. 
Gold Securities are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of risk and may not be 
suitable or appropriate for all types of investor. It is advisable that any person wishing to invest seeks 
appropriate financial, tax and other advice from an independent financial advisor with appropriate regulatory 
authorisation and qualifications and an investment in Gold Securities is only suitable for persons who 
understand the economic risk of an investment in Gold Securities and are able to bear the risk for an 
indefinite period of time. A prospective investor should be aware that their entire investment in Gold 
Securities may be lost. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
Gold Securities and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the 
Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian or Zipa Management or any of them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase Gold Securities. Each person contemplating making 
an investment in Gold Securities must make its own investigation and analysis of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and its own determination of the suitability of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment 
objectives and experience and any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment, and 
it is advisable that such persons obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and consult their 
own professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of Gold Securities as an investment, and conduct 
such independent investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements and cash-flows associated 
with Gold Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Gold 
Securities. A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to the risks involved in investing in Gold 
Securities should consult its independent professional advisers. 
Each person applying for Gold Securities in accordance with this Base Prospectus acknowledges that (i) such person 
has not relied on the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian or Zipa Management nor on any person affiliated 
with any of them, in connection with its investment decision or its investigation of the accuracy of the information

--- Page 4 ---
M-67740053-19 
4 
contained herein; (ii) Gold Securities are direct, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer alone and not obligations of 
any other person including the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Custodian or Zipa Management; and (iii) the 
obligations of the Issuer to Securityholders under the Gold Securities are not guaranteed by the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Custodian or Zipa Management. 
Terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions”. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 8 March 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
M-67740053-19 
5 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of each section 
and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in Gold 
Securities. 
 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
Section 1 – Description of the Programme 
7 
This section provides an overview of the programme 
Section 2 – Risk Factors 
18 
This section sets our factors which the Issuer believes 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks 
associated with Gold Securities and should be carefully 
considered by a prospective investor. 
Section 3 – Definitions 
38 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Section 4 – Precious Metal Market Overview 
42 
This section provides an overview of the gold market to 
help an investor decide whether an investment Gold 
Securities is appropriate for them.   
Section 5 – Description of the Issuer and 
associated Programme parties 
48 
This section sets out a description of the Issuer and 
other parties to the Programme Documents. 
Section 6 – Description of Programme 
Documents 
53 
This section sets out a summary of the key provisions 
of the main Programme Documents. 
Section 7 – Use of Proceeds 
62 
This section sets out the use of the net proceeds from 
the issue of each Series of Gold Securities. 
Section 8 – Determining the Value of an 
Investment in Gold Securities 
63 
This section sets out certain information which may 
assist a prospective investor in determining the value of 
an investment in Gold Securities. 
Section 9 – Security Arrangements 
68 
This section sets out a description of the security 
arrangements relating to the Programme and a 
summary of certain provisions of the Security Deeds 
and Security Documents relating to the Gold Securities. 
Section 10 – What is the Purpose of the Final 
Terms? 
71 
This section outlines the purpose of the Final Terms. 
Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold 
Securities 
72 
This section sets out the terms and conditions that, 
subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the Final Terms of a particular Series or Tranche of 
Gold Securities, will be applicable to the Gold 
Securities of such Series or Tranche. 
Section 12 – Tax  
119 
This section contains a general discussion of the 
anticipated tax treatment of Securityholders in Ireland 
and the United Kingdom. 
Section 13 – Clearing and Settlement 
124 
This section sets out the clearing and settlement 
mechanics for the issue of Gold Securities. 
Section 14 – Selling Restrictions  
126 
This section sets the restrictions that apply in respect of 
the offer and sale of the Gold Securities 
Section 15 – Single Mine Origin Gold Criteria 
131 
This section sets out criteria of the Single Mine Origin 
Gold. 
Section 16 – Additional Information 
132 
This section sets out certain additional information in 
relation to the Issuer and the Programme. 
Section 17 – Index of Defined Terms 
135 
This section sets out an index of defined terms used in 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
M-67740053-19 
6 
Section 18 – Directory  
139 
This section sets out the names and addresses of the 
entities which provide services and legal advice to the 
Issuer and details of parties to the Programme 
Documents. 
Annex 1 – Form of Final Terms 
141 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms which the 
Company will publish in relation to each issuance of 
Gold Securities. This details the number of Gold 
Securities and relevant information applicable to the 
issue.  
Annex 2 – Frequently Asked Questions 
148 
This section addresses a list of frequently asked 
questions about the Gold Securities.

--- Page 7 ---
M-67740053-19 
7 
SECTION 1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
A 
Introduction to the Programme 
Gold Securities are intended to offer investors a means of investing in Gold without the necessity of taking 
physical delivery of or storing Gold and bearing the associated costs and enabling investors to buy and sell 
that interest through the trading of a security on a stock exchange. Gold Securities are being made available 
by the Issuer for Subscription only to Authorised Participants. Prospective Non-AP Securityholders can buy 
and sell Gold Securities through the trading of securities listed on a Relevant Stock Exchange or in the OTC 
Market. Provided that certain conditions are met (see Subscription and Optional Redemption below), 
Authorised Participants and Non-AP Securityholders are able to Redeem Gold Securities directly with the 
Issuer. 
Gold Securities may be available to be issued in Certificated Form in the Relevant Clearing System.  
Gold Securities: General Description Gold Securities have an effective notional entitlement to Gold, such 
return being the Gold Entitlement. This aims to provide an investor with the same return that they would gain 
from investing directly in the Gold (less applicable fees). Subscriptions for and Redemptions of Gold 
Securities are, in general, satisfied in physical Gold, which is stored in safe custody with the relevant 
Custodian. All Gold conforms to the rules of the LBMA.  
A Gold Security is a secured limited recourse debt obligation of the Issuer, which entitles a Securityholder to 
require Redemption of the Gold Security and on the Redemption Settlement Date to receive an amount of 
Gold equal to the relevant Gold Entitlement of that Gold Security on the Trade Date (or in the case of a Gold 
Sale, an amount of cash equal to the Securityholders Gold Entitlement in respect of the Gold Securities being 
Redeemed).  
The Gold Securities are backed by physical Gold held in the secure vaults of the Custodian which is identified 
(whether by bar serial numbers or otherwise) in and recorded on the Issuers' accounts with the Custodian. 
More specifically, this Gold will be held in the Secured Allocated Accounts in "allocated" form as uniquely 
identifiable bars, as identified in the Bar List published each Business Day by the Issuer (or by the Calculation 
Agent on behalf of the Issuer). The books and records of the Custodian evidence that such Gold is 
segregated from other gold held in each of its Vaults. The Issuer has full title to the Gold held in the Secured 
Allocated Accounts. As a result, the Secured Allocated Accounts does not entail any credit risk exposure to 
the Custodian.  
In order to maximise the efficiency of the Redemption process, Gold will be held in “unallocated form” for a 
period of time in the Secured Unallocated Accounts. Gold held in this form does not entitle the holder to any 
specific bars of Gold. Instead, the holder has a general entitlement to a certain amount of gold, which is 
recorded in the Custodian’s books and records. As a result, the Secured Unallocated Accounts give rise to 
credit risk exposure to the Custodian. 
The physical Gold backing the Gold Securities has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce 
funds to service any payments due and payable on the Gold Securities. 
Gold Swap, SMO Gold and Non-SMO Gold: General Description The Gold Securities will at all times be 
backed by either SMO Gold or Non-SMO Gold pursuant to the Gold Swap mechanism and will at all times 
meet the LBMA Good Delivery Standards. The Gold Swap mechanism provides investors with assurance 
that Gold Securities will at all times be backed by physical Gold and that it will hold fully traceable SMO Gold 
once the Gold Swap has completed. SMO Gold means Gold that is solely sourced from a specific mine which 
has been selected through rigorous screening criteria, meets the highest levels of responsible sourcing 
standards and has a fully auditable chain of custody throughout the entirety of the supply chain, ensuring 
that every ounce of Gold is fully traceable to its source. Non-SMO Gold means Gold that is not solely sourced 
from a single mine that is accredited with the highest responsibility standards and does not have an auditable 
chain of custody for the entire supply chain, with full segregation from a single mine to finished product. On 
the Issue Date Authorised Participants subscribing for Gold Securities are required to transfer either SMO

--- Page 8 ---
M-67740053-19 
8 
Gold or Non-SMO Gold to the Custodian (for the account of the Issuer). No Gold Securities will be delivered 
to an Authorised Participant until such time as the Custodian has confirmed that the Gold has been 
transferred to its vault.  
If Non-SMO Gold is delivered then in respect of such Non-SMO Gold a compulsory Gold Swap mechanism 
will apply. The Issuer will deliver a Gold Swap Order to the Swap Counterparty in order to facilitate the 
exchange of Non-SMO Gold for SMO Gold as soon as possible following the Issue Date and in any event 
within 90 days of the Issue Date. Should the Swap Counterparty, acting reasonably, determine that it will be 
unable to effect the Gold Swap on or prior to the end of the Swap Period the Issuer shall either extend the 
Swap Period or the Issuer shall terminate the Gold Swap Order in respect of the relevant issuance of Gold 
Securities and deliver a new Gold Swap Order to the Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant issuance 
of Gold Securities. 
B 
Gold Entitlement 
The Gold Entitlement per Gold Securities is the quantity (an amount in fine troy ounces) of the physical Gold 
that each Gold Security represents. It is calculated in accordance with a set formula and examples of how it 
is calculated are set out in Section 8 – Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold Securities.  
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) will calculate the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in 
respect of each calendar day. On an Issue Date, the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of the 
relevant Tranche of Gold Securities shall be the amount of Gold specified in the Final Terms of the first 
Tranche of Gold Securities for such Series of Gold Securities.   
Whenever new Gold Securities of any type are issued or existing Gold Securities are Redeemed, this will 
reflect the then prevailing Gold Entitlement of those Gold Securities, thereby ensuring that all securities of 
the same type have the same Gold Entitlement. 
The Total Expense Ratio forms part of the formula for calculating the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security by 
reducing the Gold Entitlement each day to reflect fees payable by the Issuer. The initial Total Expense Ratio 
for each Series shall be set out in the Final Terms of the first Tranche of Gold Securities for that Series. 
The precise rights attached to the Gold Securities, including deductions in respect of fees and how they are 
applied, are set out in the Conditions, which are reproduced in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold 
Securities. An illustration of the effect of these rights, is set out in Section 8 – Determining the Value of an 
Investment in Gold Securities.  
The Issuer will calculate and publish the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of each calendar day 
on its website.  
C 
Listing, Trading and Passporting 
All Gold Securities are freely transferable.  
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the 
Gold Securities which are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purpose of MiFID2 and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the 
European Economic Area. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the Financial Regulator Germany, BaFin with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and any other necessary information so that the Gold Securities may be admitted to 
listing and trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. This should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Gold Securities that are the subject of this Base

--- Page 9 ---
M-67740053-19 
9 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of any investment in Gold 
Securities. 
The Issuer has also requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authorities of Austria, Belgium, 
Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, 
Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation so that 
the Gold Securities may be offered publicly in accordance with the local law of these EEA States. 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA States with such 
certificates for the purpose of admission to trading of all or any Gold Securities on a regulated market therein. 
The Central Bank will remain the competent authority for the purposes of approving all prospectus published 
by the Issuer under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has applied to the FCA for all Gold Securities issued within 12 months of the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the FCA and to the London Stock Exchange for all such Gold 
Securities to be admitted to trading on its Main Market.  
Investors should be aware that such admission to the official list of the FCA and trading on the Main Market 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
D 
Contract Structure  
Trust Deed  
The Gold Securities are constituted by a Trust Deed, under which the Trustee acts as trustee for the 
Securityholders.  
The Programme Documents establish a custody structure in respect of the Gold and a security structure in 
respect of the Secured Property. 
Custody  
Pursuant to the Custody Agreements, the relevant Custodian acknowledges the Security created by the 
Issuer in favour of the Security Trustee and agrees that once the Gold is deposited in a Secured Account in 
accordance with a relevant Custody Agreement, it may only be removed in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Custody Agreement.  
The Custodian identifies in its books and records that the Gold belongs to the Issuer, and the Custodian shall 
have no title to or interest in such Gold. 
HSBC Bank PLC is the Custodian of the Gold held in the Secured Accounts in relation to the SMO Physical 
Gold ETC Securities. The registered office of the Custodian is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom. 
Further details of the Custodian, the arrangements for the storage of Gold, the Secured Accounts and a 
summary of the terms of the Custody Agreements are set out under the heading "Custody Agreements" in 
Section 6 – Description of Documents. 
Security  
In addition, the Issuer and the Security Trustee (which, as at the Prospectus Date is the same person as the 
Trustee) have also entered into separate Security Deeds. Pursuant to the Security Deeds, all sums held by 
or on behalf of the Issuer to meet payment due in respect of its obligations owed to the Securityholders and 
the Secured Parties in respect of the Gold Securities are the subject of a security assignment and/or first

--- Page 10 ---
M-67740053-19 
10 
fixed charge and/or floating charge in favour of the Security Trustee. The Trust Deed gives the Trustee and 
the Security Deeds gives the Security Trustee, on trust for the Securityholders and the Secured Parties 
respectively, rights against the Issuer in respect of the Gold Securities.  
Further details of the contract structure and the relevant Programme Documents are set out Section 6 – 
Description of Documents. 
E 
Transaction Structure and Flow of Funds  
Authorised Participants and Flow of Funds  
Gold Securities can be bought and sold for cash On-Exchange. The cash used to settle On-Exchange 
transactions is never delivered to the Issuer. Only certain regulated trading firms, banks or other market 
professionals approved by the Issuer (in its sole discretion) and that meet certain minimum qualifying criteria 
(Authorised Participants) may subscribe for Gold Securities. The minimum qualifying criteria in respect of 
an Authorised Participant is the Administrator being satisfied in relation to the KYC provided by the 
Authorised Participant (being such KYC as would typically be acceptable to a regulated Irish fund 
administrator and which satisfies applicable European Anti-Money Laundering rules, laws and regulations or 
the equivalent rules, laws and regulations that apply in the United Kingdom); and the Authorised Participant 
being a member of at least one of the following stock exchanges: London Stock Exchange, Deutsche Börse, 
Euronext Amsterdam, Euronext Paris, Euronext Milan or SIX Swiss Exchange.   
Following a Subscription for Gold Securities: 
(i) 
an Authorised Participant must transfer the physical Gold to the Custodian (to hold on account for 
the Issuer) and the SMO Gold Premium to the Issuer Premium Account; 
(ii) 
the Custodian must deliver Gold with an aggregate weight at least equal to the Gold Entitlement of 
the Gold Securities into the Secured Allocated Account;  
(iii) 
once the Gold is transferred to the Secured Allocated Account, the Issuer will constitute and issue 
the Gold Securities and deliver them to the Authorised Participant via the Relevant Clearing System. 
The relevant Gold will be held with all other Gold attributable to that Series of Gold Securities in the Secured 
Accounts. The mechanics of the Subscription process are described in more detail in Subscription and 
Optional Redemption, below.  
The Authorised Participant may then sell the Gold Securities in the secondary market either, subject to being 
admitted to trading on the Relevant Stock Exchange, On-Exchange or in the OTC Market (i.e. outside of an 
exchange).  
An Authorised Participant might also elect to keep the Gold Securities to hold themselves.  
If a Securityholder wishes to Redeem its Gold Securities so as to take delivery of the Gold, it must return 
those Gold Securities into the Relevant Clearing System and in return will receive Gold equivalent to the 
aggregate Gold Entitlement of the relevant Gold Securities which are being redeemed, through a transfer 
from the Secured Accounts into the Securityholder Unallocated Gold Account. The mechanics of the 
Redemption process are described in more detail in Subscription and Optional Redemption, below and 
Condition 7 (Redemption) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities.   
If a Securityholder wishes to dispose of its holding of Gold Securities for cash rather than Gold, they must 
sell them either On-Exchange or in the OTC Market. Note however that, a Gold Sale will apply in certain 
circumstances, including where (through no fault of the Issuer), the Gold to which the Securityholder is 
entitled on Redemption is not successfully delivered to the Securityholder by the 30th day after the 
Redemption Settlement Date; or the Securityholder is a Prohibited Gold Holder. Further details of the Gold 
Sale process are set out in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities.

--- Page 11 ---
M-67740053-19 
11 
F 
Subscription and Optional Redemption  
The Subscription and Optional Redemption mechanisms are intended to ensure that Gold Securities have 
sufficient liquidity and that the price at which they trade on the Relevant Stock Exchanges tracks the gold 
price (before fees).  
Subscription 
Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for Gold Securities by way of a valid Subscription Form in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Authorised Participant Agreement and the Operating 
Procedures. 
The Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) will only accept a Subscription Form and issue Gold Securities 
if: 
(a) 
the Subscription Form is determined to be valid by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the acceptance of such Subscription Form will not cause the Programme Maximum Number of Gold 
Securities to be exceeded; 
(c) 
the number of Gold Securities that are the subject of the Subscription Form is greater than the 
Subscription Minimum (defined below); and 
(d) 
all other conditions precedent to an issue of the Gold Securities (including, without limitation, 
payment of the Subscription Fee) are satisfied. 
In any event, the Issuer is entitled to reject any Subscription Form at any time, at its absolute discretion.  
The Issuer may implement a minimum number of Gold Securities that may be applied for at any time (the 
Subscription Minimum). As at the Prospectus Date, the Subscription Minimum in respect of each Series is 
100,000 (one hundred thousand) SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities.  
Redemption Process  
Each Gold Security carries a right on Redemption to delivery in Gold of an amount equal to the Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce). Any Securityholder may 
Redeem Gold Securities directly with the Issuer. 
A Securityholder may Redeem Gold Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Form to require the 
Redemption of Gold Securities it holds for delivery of Gold (or cash) in an amount equal to the Gold 
Entitlement of such Gold Securities (as calculated on the Trade Date) (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 
fine troy ounce in the case of Gold Delivery and rounded up to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce in the case 
of Gold Sale and, in each case, adjusted accordingly with respect of the number of Gold Securities held by 
the respective Securityholder) on the Redemption Settlement Date.  
The Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) will only accept a Redemption Form if it complies with the 
list of requirements detailed in Condition 7.4 (Redemption Forms) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of 
Gold Securities. If the Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) determines that the Redemption Form 
complies with these conditions, it shall confirm to the Securityholder that the Redemption Form is valid as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with the date of such confirmation being the Trade Date.  
No Gold Securities may be Redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Form that the Administrator (acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) has not confirmed (in its absolute discretion) as valid.  
No Redemption Form will be validated by the Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) unless the Securityholder 
complies with all compliance and identification checks reasonably required by the Administrator (acting on behalf of

--- Page 12 ---
M-67740053-19 
12 
the Issuer), and the results of such checks are determined to be satisfactory to the Issuer and/or its agent, being, in 
this case, the Administrator (KYC).  
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether KYC requirements apply to any 
Redeeming Securityholder and whether such KYC requirements have been satisfied (including where the 
Redeeming Securityholder is an Authorised Participant, whether KYC requirements have already been 
satisfied). The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage suffered as a 
result of it conducting KYC. 
Redemption by Non-AP Securityholders  
Notwithstanding, any other requirements listed in Condition 7.4 (Redemption Forms) that are applicable on 
any Redemption, in respect of a Redemption Form submitted by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Issuer will not 
validate a Redemption Form until:  
(a) 
the Non-AP Securityholder specifies a Securityholder Unallocated Gold Account into which the 
relevant Gold can be deposited (except in the case of a Gold Sale);  
(b) 
KYC in respect of such Non-AP Securityholder is determined to be satisfactory to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
the Non-AP Securityholder pays the Redemption Fee (see Redemption Fee below for further 
details). 
Settlement  
In relation to any Optional Redemption, the Securityholder of the Gold Securities subject to the Redemption 
must deliver the Gold Securities and any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the 
Issuer may agree. 
Provided that the Redeeming Securityholder complies in full with its Securities Delivery Obligation by the 
time specified in Condition 7.6 (Redemption Obligations), the Issuer will effect the Redemption on the 
Redemption Settlement Date. 
In relation to any Optional Redemption, the Redemption Settlement Date will be the second Business Day 
following the applicable Trade Date, provided that in the case of Redemption by Gold Sale the Redemption 
Settlement Date shall be the tenth Business Day following the applicable Trade Date (and, in each case, if 
such day is not also a Payment Business Day, the Redemption Settlement Date will be the next Payment 
Business Day).  
The Programme offers two mechanisms for Redemption, Gold Delivery and Gold Sale. 
Gold Delivery  
In the case of a Gold Delivery, the Issuer shall upon delivery by it of confirmation to the relevant 
Securityholder of receipt of the relevant valid Redemption Form instruct the Custodian to make available (to 
be delivered to, and deposited into the Securityholder Gold Account of the Redeeming Securityholder) Gold 
in at least an amount equal to the Gold Entitlement of such Gold Securities (rounded down to the nearest 
0.001 fine troy ounce), calculated as of the Trade Date. Gold will be made available for delivery to and 
deposited into the Securityholder Gold Account of the Redeeming Securityholder from the relevant Secured 
Accounts on the Redemption Settlement Date. 
All title to and risk in such Gold shall pass to the Redeeming Securityholder on the relevant Redemption 
Settlement Date. 
Gold Sale 
In respect of an Optional Redemption, Gold Sale will apply where:

--- Page 13 ---
M-67740053-19 
13 
(a) 
provided it is permitted to do so in accordance with the Conditions, a Non-AP Securityholder selects 
Gold Sale as the Redemption Mechanism (for example where that Non-AP Securityholder is a 
Prohibited Gold Holder); or 
(b) 
the Gold that is the subject of a Redemption is not successfully delivered to the Securityholder by 
the 30th day after the Redemption Settlement Date; or 
as further detailed in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities 
Where Gold Sale is the applicable Redemption Mechanism: 
(a) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Gold Agent under the Gold Agent Agreement to sell on the Gold 
Sale Date at least an amount of Gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property equal 
to the Gold Entitlement in respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed (rounded up to the nearest 
0.001 fine troy ounce) (with the proceeds of such sale being the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds); 
(b) 
the Gold Agent shall be entitled to deduct Taxes and its expenses from the Actual Redemption Sale 
Proceeds in accordance with the terms of the Gold Agent Agreement; and 
(c) 
a Securityholder will, rather than take delivery of Gold, be paid the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds 
in the currency in which the underlying Series of Gold Securities is denominated (or its pro-rata 
share of the Gold Entitlement if more than one Securityholder in that Series of Gold Securities is 
subject to the Gold Sale) into the Securityholder Cash Account. 
Redemption Fee  
In the case of an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Issuer will not 
validate the associated Redemption Form until it receives the Redemption Fee in cleared funds from the 
Securityholder. The Redemption Fee payable by the Non-AP Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the 
Issuer's costs of complying with the Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the Non-AP Securityholder 
at the time of the Redemption, and will not be greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed. 
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by an Authorised Participant, the Redemption Fee payable 
by the Securityholder shall be the amount specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
On a Compulsory Redemption of Gold Securities by the Issuer, the Redemption Fee payable by the 
Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in respect of the Redemption, 
being an amount not greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed or such other amount as may be 
notified in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Further details of the Redemption processes are set out in the Conditions, which are set out in Condition 7 
(Redemption) in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities. 
G 
Compulsory Redemption  
The Gold Securities shall become due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity date due to the 
occurrence of any of the events set out in Conditions 8.1 to 8.4 (inclusive) (Compulsory Redemption). 
Following the occurrence of any such event, the Issuer (and/or, in the case of an Event of Default, the Trustee 
following requisite direction by the Securityholders) may give notice designating an early redemption of the 
Gold Securities. These events include: 
(a) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Event. The Issuer may, at any time, upon not less than 30 days' notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), redeem all or some of the Gold 
Securities;  
(b) 
a Threshold Redemption Event. If on any Business Day falling on or after the 60th calendar day 
following a Threshold Event Date, the market value of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security as

--- Page 14 ---
M-67740053-19 
14 
calculated by the Calculation Agent is less than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the Issue Price per Gold 
Security as at the Series Issue Date of such Gold Securities; 
(c) 
certain key service providers of the Issuer resign or their appointment in relation to such Series is 
terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement has been appointed at the time such 
resignation or termination takes place; 
(d) 
a change in law occurs which results in (or the Issuer reasonably expects that such change in law 
will result in): 
(i) 
the Issuer's performance of its obligations relating to the Gold Securities being in contravention 
of applicable law; or  
(ii) 
a material increase in the Issuer's costs in performing its obligations relating to the Gold 
Securities; 
(e) 
an Event of Default. An event of default occurs in respect of such Series, including certain breaches 
by the Issuer of its obligations; and 
(f) 
the Issuer may redeem any Gold Securities which it considers, in its absolute discretion:  
(i) 
are held in breach of law; or  
(ii) 
that the ownership of such Gold Securities would, in its reasonable opinion cause a pecuniary 
or tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders.  
H 
Settlement  
The Gold Securities may be issued: 
(a) 
in bearer form (whether in NGN form or in CGN form) and serially numbered (Bearer Securities); 
or 
(b) 
in registered form (whether in CGN form or in global registered form using the new safekeeping 
structure) (Registered Securities). 
The settlement of transactions in Gold Securities will take place within the Relevant Clearing System.  
The Issuer (nor any other Programme Party) will not have any responsibility for the performance of the 
Relevant Clearing System, which is independent of the Programme.  
I 
Gold Swap 
Pursuant to the Master Swap Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator) may, on each Issue Date upon 
which Non-SMO Gold is transferred by Authorised Participants to the Custodian (for the account of the 
Issuer) in connection with the issuance of Gold Securities, deliver a Gold Swap Order to the Swap 
Counterparty in order to facilitate the exchange of such Non-SMO Gold for SMO Gold as soon as possible 
following the Issue Date and in any event within 90 days of the Issue Date (the Swap Period) (each such 
exchange, a Gold Swap). Each Gold Swap Order shall specify, amongst other things, the Non-SMO Gold 
Amount, the Gold Swap Premium Amount and the Secured Allocated Account for delivery of the SMO Gold. 
Should the Swap Counterparty, acting reasonably, determine that it will be unable to effect the Gold Swap 
on or prior to the end of the Swap Period the Issuer shall either extend the Swap Period or the Issuer shall 
terminate the Gold Swap Order in respect of the relevant issuance of Gold Securities and deliver a new Gold 
Swap Order to the Swap Counterparty in respect of the relevant issuance of Gold Securities. 
In the event that on the Issue Date SMO Gold is transferred by an Authorised Participant to the Custodian 
(for the account of the Issuer) in connection with the issuance of Gold Securities no Gold Swap will occur,

--- Page 15 ---
M-67740053-19 
15 
no Gold Confirmation will be delivered to the Swap Counterparty in respect of such Gold Securities and no 
SMO Gold Premium will be payable by the relevant Authorised Participant.  
The SMO Gold Premium is an amount of USD per oz of Gold that represents the cost of segregating the 
SMO Gold throughout the supply chain including the backing of independent audit and thereby ensuring that 
SMO Gold is traceable to a specific mine. The SMO Gold Premium is made up of a refinery fee and a swap 
fee. The refinery fee is the fee payable to Gold refineries to segregate SMO Gold from Non-SMO Gold. The 
swap fee is the fee payable to the Swap Counterparty to swap Non-SMO Gold for SMO Gold and deliver the 
SMO Gold to the London vault of the Custodian. The aggregate SMO Gold Premium in respect of an 
Authorised Participant is the product of the number of Gold Securities subscribed for by that Authorised 
Participant and the Gold Entitlement. Set out below is an example illustrating how the SMO Gold Premium 
is calculated. The example is not an indicator of the actual future performance of the Gold Securities and is 
for illustration purposes only 
For example, if an  Authorised Participant subscribes for 100,000 Gold Securities, the Gold Entitlement per 
Gold Security was 0.009960940 fine troy ounces, then the total amount of Gold would be 100,000 x 
0.009960940 = 996.094 fine troy ounces. Assuming the SMO Gold Premium was $3 per ounce, the SMO 
Gold premium would be 996.094 x $3 = $2,988.28 
The amount of the SMO Gold Premium in the above example is indicative only. The amount of the SMO 
Gold Premium will be specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Series. 
Following the Issuer’s receipt of Non-SMO Gold in respect of a particular Series or Tranche of Gold Securities 
and prior to the completion of a Gold Swap for such Non-SMO Gold, that Series of Gold Securities shall be 
backed (in whole or in part) by and may be redeemed (in whole or in part) using such Non-SMO Gold 
Following the Issuer’s receipt of Non-SMO Gold in respect of a particular Series or Tranche of Gold Securities 
and prior to the completion of a Gold Swap for such Non-SMO Gold, that Series of Gold Securities shall be 
backed (in whole or in part) by and may be redeemed (in whole or in part) using such Non-SMO Gold. 
J 
Tax 
Your attention is drawn to Section 12 – Tax which provides information on taxation relating to the Gold 
Securities. If an investor is in any doubt about the tax position, it should consult a professional advisor. 
K 
Regulation  
UCITS 
An undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities subject to the UCITS Directive (UCITS 
Scheme) will need to take into account the restriction on such schemes owning or taking delivery of gold. 
Accordingly, UCITS Schemes will be deemed to be Prohibited Gold Holders, and in the event that such a 
scheme elects to Redeem any of the Gold Securities, such a Redemption will only be permitted by Gold 
Sale, as described in "Gold Sale", above and Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale). 
The Gold Securities constitute transferable securities and are not an investment in gold. Prospective 
investors that are UCITS Schemes need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Gold Securities 
would comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable to them and would be in line with their 
individual investment objectives. If any such investor is in any doubt with regard to its ability to invest in the 
Gold Securities, it should consult a professional advisor prior to making any investment in Gold Securities.  
Collective Investment Schemes  
The Gold Securities are not units in an authorised collective investment scheme and the Issuer is not required 
to seek authorisation as, or appoint, an AIFM, under the relevant Irish legislation implementing AIFMD (as 
defined below).

--- Page 16 ---
M-67740053-19 
16 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of all applicable Irish and EU anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations, to include, but not limited to, the European Union (Anti-Money Laundering Beneficial Ownership 
of Corporate Entities) Regulations 2019, the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) 
Acts 2010 (as amended by the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) (Amendment) 
Acts 2013 and 2018) (the Applicable Irish and EU AML Legislation) will apply to the Programme. This 
means that verification of the identity of parties that deals with the Issuer may be required. This includes all 
Authorised Participants and also in circumstances where a Non-AP Securityholder elects to Redeem its Gold 
Securities.  
The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and 
verification of the identity of the Securityholders. 
Each Authorised Participant that submits a Subscription Form (and/or any Securityholder that deals directly 
with the Issuer) confirms that it is subject to and acts in compliance with the Applicable Irish and EU AML 
Legislation, the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) 
Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) (the UK Anti-money Laundering Regulations) and/or any other 
applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of 
identity as is required by the Issuer at the time of lodging the Subscription Form, or, at the absolute discretion 
of the Issuer, at such specified time thereafter as may be requested to ensure compliance with the Applicable 
Irish and EU AML Legislation and the UK Anti-money Laundering Regulations. 
The Issuer is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether KYC requirements apply to any 
Securityholder prior to the acceptance of a Redemption Form or Subscription Form, and whether such KYC 
requirements have been satisfied. The Issuer shall not be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or 
damage suffered as a result of it conducting KYC. 
Deposits  
Any investment in the Gold Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme operated by the Central Bank. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated 
by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Gold Securities. 
L. 
Structure Diagram  
The principal aspects of the above-mentioned structure is set out in the below diagram.

--- Page 17 ---
M-67740053-19 
17 
Cash Premium for SMO Gold 
Securities 
Non SMO 
Gold 
Non SMO Gold 
SMO Gold 
Delivery of 
SMO Gold 
Securities 
Cash 
 
 
 
 
 
Secondary Market 
Primary Market 
Gold Settlement 
Zipa Precious Metals 
Custodian 
Investors via Brokers 
Authorised 
Participants 
SMO Approved 
Mines 
Refinery 
Swap Agent

--- Page 18 ---
M-67740053-19 
18 
SECTION 2 – RISK FACTORS  
An investment in Gold Securities involves a significant degree of risk. Prior to making an investment decision, 
prospective investors should carefully read the entire Base Prospectus, including the risk factors set out below, as 
well as conducting their own independent analysis, in order to reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Gold 
Securities are described below. However, the Issuer does not represent that the risk factors set out below are 
exhaustive and a Securityholder may lose some or the entire value of its investment for reasons other than those 
set out in the risk factors below, (for example reasons not currently considered by the Issuer to be material or based 
on circumstances or facts of which the Issuer is not currently aware). 
The below risk factors are split into the following categories: 
A. 
Market Price of the Gold Securities 
B. 
Risks Relating to Gold 
C. 
Risks Relating to the Custodian and the Gold Agent 
D. 
Operational Risks 
E. 
Risks Relating to Security 
F. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer and its Legal Structure 
G. 
VAT and Tax Risks Relating to an Investment in Gold Securities 
H. 
Risk Relating to Legal Matters

--- Page 19 ---
M-67740053-19 
19 
A. 
Market Price of the Gold Securities  
Risk of Adverse Price Movements  
The price of Gold Securities will be affected by a number of factors that are not within the Issuer's control, 
including: 
(a) 
the value and volatility of Gold (see "Risks Relating to Gold", below); 
(b) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(c) 
the creditworthiness of the Programme Parties; and 
(d) 
liquidity in the Gold Securities On-Exchange (see "Secondary Market and Liquidity Risk" below for 
more information). 
Prospective investors should be aware that the secondary market price of the Gold Securities can go down 
as well as up throughout the life of the Gold Securities. Prospective investors should be aware that the market 
price of the Gold Securities on any day may not reflect their prior or future performance. 
As a result of adverse price movements, a Securityholder may lose the value of its entire investment or part 
of its investment in Gold Securities. 
Currency Risk 
The price of Gold Securities will be calculated in the Relevant Currency, being, as at the Prospectus Date, 
US Dollars. To the extent that a Securityholder values Gold Securities in another currency, that value may 
be affected by changes in the exchange rate between the Relevant Currency and that other currency. 
Secondary Market and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which Gold Securities trade on a Relevant Stock Exchange (or any other exchange 
or market on which they may be quoted or traded) may not reflect accurately the value of Gold that backs 
such Gold Securities.  
The Subscription and Redemption procedures for Gold Securities are intended to minimise this potential 
difference. However, the market price of Gold Securities will be a function of supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell Gold Securities and the bid-offer spread that market-makers are willing to 
quote for Gold Securities. 
Gold Securities may trade at a premium. Investors who pay a premium risk losing the premium if demand for 
Gold Securities abates. For example, Authorised Participants have the right, but are under no obligation, to 
request that the Issuer issue further tranches of Gold Securities. If a request is made by an Authorised 
Participant and, such a request is accepted by the Issuer, this will increase the supply and could potentially 
reduce any such premium.  
Investors are dependent on there being Authorised Participants making a market in Gold Securities to 
minimise the difference between the secondary market price and the value of the Gold Securities, and to 
provide investors with liquidity. There can be no assurance as to the depth or liquidity of the secondary 
market (if any) in Gold Securities, which could affect their liquidity and market price.  
An Authorised Participant is under no obligation to make a market in Gold Securities, and it is impossible to 
guarantee that one or more Authorised Participants would purchase Gold Securities on a given day and/or 
at a particular price, which may result in a lack of liquidity at any given time.  
If there is limited liquidity, the price at which a Securityholder may be able to sell its Gold Securities at any 
time may be substantially less than the price paid by that Securityholder for the same Gold Securities.

--- Page 20 ---
M-67740053-19 
20 
Geopolitical Risk 
Recent geopolitical developments, in particular related to the Russia/Ukraine conflict, have given rise to 
significant market volatility and are having an adverse impact on economic growth and performance globally. 
Uncertainty regarding the global economic outlook is likely to remain elevated in the short to medium term. 
The increase in sovereign borrowing, necessitated by the fiscal policy support measures introduced in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic, have added to pre-existing elevated public debt burdens in many 
economies. In addition, there has been an extended period of loose financial conditions and rising asset 
prices with record levels of high yield corporate bond issuance and leveraged loans. The war in Ukraine, and 
the possibility of further adverse economic consequences of the conflict, may act as a trigger for a 
reassessment of corporate and sovereign risk by market participants leading to further sharp re-pricing of 
financial assets and a rise in risk premia. A more protracted and severe economic downturn than expected, 
if coupled with higher sovereign borrowing costs, may result in unsustainable public finances in some 
Member States of the Eurozone. Furthermore, the supply chain issues arising from the Russia-Ukraine war, 
alongside the economic impacts that continue to result from COVID-19, have pushed up the prices of a broad 
range of commodities, with the resulting increase in inflation creating further challenges for monetary 
authorities. Having pre-announced the end of the prolonged period of extraordinary monetary 
accommodation in the latter part of 2021, central banks in developed markets have stepped up the pace of 
increases in official interest rates in 2022 to help ease inflationary pressures. Central banks will calibrate the 
policy response to reflect their evolving assessment of the outlook for economic growth. There is a risk that 
a combination of excessive tightening and worse-than-anticipated economic effects from the Russia-Ukraine 
war (including, inter alia, the impact of the extensive sanctions, trade restrictions etc.) precipitates a recession 
in parts of the global economy. 
Since the start of 2022, the military conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine has contributed to 
the increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to the volatility in financial markets 
globally, as well as a new landscape in relation to international sanctions. Zipa Management is closely 
monitoring the rapidly developing situation in Ukraine and the potential impact it may have on the 
Programme. An initial risk assessment of the key impacts has identified the key risks as being 
operationalising complex sanctions regimes, potential for increase in cyberattacks and financial and market 
risks arising from volatility in asset values, interest rates or foreign exchange markets. 
In addition, the emergence of anti-EU and anti-establishment political parties and a rise in separatist and 
protectionist sentiment across the EU may also give rise to further political instability and uncertainty. Brexit 
has also resulted in significant volatility within the European political environment. 
The aforementioned geopolitical developments as well as any further developments may adversely affect 
global economic growth, heighten trading tensions and disrupt markets, which could in turn affect commodity 
prices which may impact the price and liquidity of newly sourced Good Delivery Gold and hence may 
adversely affect the trading market and price of Gold Securities. A decline in value of Gold Securities and 
may cause the value of Gold Securities to decline or increase in value which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
B. 
Risk Relating to Gold 
Risks Relating to Price of Gold 
The Gold Securities are linked to the price of gold. Prospective investors should note that the value of a 
Series of Gold Securities will be affected by movements in the price of Gold. 
The price of gold fluctuates widely and is affected by numerous factors beyond the Issuer's control, including: 
(a) 
global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations, particularly pandemics, 
war, terrorism, expropriation and other activities which might lead to disruptions to supply from 
countries that are major gold producers;

--- Page 21 ---
M-67740053-19 
21 
(b) 
investors' expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation and movements in world equity, 
financial and property markets; 
(c) 
global supply and demand of the relevant markets, which is influenced by such factors as mine 
production and net forward selling activities by producers, central bank purchases and sales, 
jewellery demand and the supply of recycled jewellery, net investment demand and industrial 
demand, net of recycling; 
(d) 
political and economic instability in the locations where gold is produced, potentially impacting 
purchaser confidence, supply and demand, and, ultimately, the price of the Gold; 
(e) 
interest rates and currency exchange rates, particularly the strength of and confidence in the US 
Dollar; and 
(f) 
financial activities including investment trading, hedging or other activities conducted by large 
trading houses, producers, users, hedge funds, commodities funds, governments or other 
speculators which could impact global supply or demand. 
Movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and investor 
sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of Gold Securities and this may 
lead to a fall in the price of Gold Securities which will have an adverse impact on any investor that purchased 
the Gold Securities at a higher price.  
Central banks, other government agencies and supranational organisations, such as the International 
Monetary Fund, that buy, sell and hold gold as part of their reserve assets may decide to sell a portion of 
their assets, which are not normally subject to use in the open market. A number of central banks have sold 
significant portions of gold over the last 20 years, which has meant that governmental and supranational 
organisations have generally been a net supplier to the open market. If there are sales of gold by the public 
sector to the private sector there may be an excess of supply over demand, leading to a lower price on the 
open market for gold and consequently a decrease in the value of the Gold Securities. 
Adverse movements in the price of gold may negatively affect the return to Securityholders who sell their 
Gold Securities when the price of gold has decreased since the time they purchased their Gold Securities. 
Shortage of Gold 
Gold markets have the potential to suffer from market disruption or volatility caused by shortages of gold. 
Such events could result in sudden increases in Gold prices for a short period (also known as price spikes).  
Price spiking can also result in volatile forward rates and lease rates which could result in the bid/offer spread 
in the Gold Securities on any Relevant Stock Exchange to widen, reflecting short-term forward rates in the 
Gold. 
There has been growth of investment products offering investors an exposure to gold (including products 
similar to the Gold Securities) which has had an impact on the supply and demand profile of the gold market. 
Changes in supply and demand for these types of investment products will directly impact the supply and 
demand for gold. This may have the effect of increasing volatility in the price and supply of gold.  
Products such as the Gold Securities require the purchase and sale of gold, and, depending on the success 
of such products, this may lead to a substantial increase in the volume of transactions, which will ultimately 
have an effect on the price of the Gold Securities. 
On 7 March 2022, the LBMA suspended six Russian refineries from the London Good Delivery List for Gold, 
which means that any metals refined post this date will no longer be considered “Good Delivery”. Russia 
produces around 9 per cent of the total gold mined. There is a risk that continued sanctions on these refiners 
or any further sanctions on Russian entities could impact the liquidity and availability of Gold in the London

--- Page 22 ---
M-67740053-19 
22 
market. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not accept delivery of Gold refined by 
suspended Russian refiners and no transaction contemplated under this Base Prospectus (including any 
issuance of Final Terms) will be linked in any way to suspended Russian refiners. The LBMA does not accept 
as Good Delivery suspended refiners. Such suspension by the LBMA may have a negative impact on the 
global supply of precious metals and in turn may have an impact on the market price of the Gold Securities.  
C. 
Risks Relating to the Custodian, the Gold Agent and the Swap Counterparty 
Risks Relating to the Secured Unallocated Accounts 
While the Issuer has put in place arrangements to minimise the holding of Gold in Secured Unallocated 
Accounts, a portion of the Gold will be held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts – in each case for a short 
period of time – to help maximise the efficiency of the Redemption process. 
Unlike the Gold held in a Secured Allocated Account (which the Issuer has full title to), Gold held in a Secured 
Unallocated Account does not give proprietary rights to specific bars of Gold. Instead, pursuant to the terms 
of the Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement, the Custodian has a contractual obligation to transfer the 
amount of Gold held in that account. This means that the Securityholder’s position is that of an unsecured 
creditor (in other words, the Custodian owes the Securityholder a debt in respect of its general entitlement 
to the relevant amount of Gold held in the Secured Unallocated Account). 
If the Custodian were to become insolvent, then the Issuer will rank as an unsecured creditor of the Custodian 
in respect of such Gold sitting in unallocated form in the Secured Unallocated Accounts. In this scenario, the 
Custodian’s assets may not be sufficient to satisfy a claim by the Issuer, the Trustee or the Security Trustee 
for the amount of Gold held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts, which could result in a loss to the 
Securityholders.  
Risks Relating to the Secured Allocated Accounts 
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations with respect to the Gold Securities could be affected by the actions 
of the Custodian or its agents or by events affecting the Custodian. In particular, if any Gold is lost, stolen or 
damaged, or is fraudulently removed from the control of the Custodian, or the Custodian is subject to a force 
majeure event beyond its reasonable control which prevents it from delivering up Gold, then, in each case 
the Issuer would not be able to satisfy all of its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities which would result 
in a loss to Securityholders. 
In the event of an insolvency of the Custodian, the allocated Gold held by the Custodian in the relevant 
Secured Allocated Account for the benefit of the Issuer should be protected as such Gold should be identified 
separately from the assets of the Custodian, and its other clients. However, there can be no assurance that 
the Issuer will be able to obtain delivery of and/or realise the Gold (whether in full or in part) held in the 
Secured Allocated Account(s) with the Custodian on a timely basis. In addition, the Issuer could incur 
expenses in connection with having to assert its claims against the relevant Gold, even where it can ascertain 
that it has title to such Gold. 
Although the Custodian is required to allocate (and provide a daily Bar List of all such allocated Gold) and 
segregate Gold held for the Issuer from any assets held by the Custodian for other clients and the Custodian's 
own assets, Securityholders will be at risk if the Custodian does not, in practice, maintain such a segregation 
in breach of their obligations to the Issuer or, as applicable, the Custodian. This could result in the 
Securityholders suffering a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities if the failure to 
segregate Gold held for the Issuer meant that it was not possible to identify the allocated Gold held for the 
benefit of the Issuer from the assets of the Custodian or any of their respective clients. 
Access Risk  
Once Gold is allocated, this Gold will be held in the Secured Allocated Accounts which will be held by the 
Custodian at its Vault. Gold will be held in the Custodian's Vault, and will be transferred to a Securityholder

--- Page 23 ---
M-67740053-19 
23 
Unallocated Gold Account to effect a Redemption. Access to such Gold, whether in transit or when held in a 
Vault could be lost, or at least restricted, by natural events, such as flooding, or human actions, such as a 
terrorist attack.  
If such transit and/or access risk causes or contributes to the loss of Gold (and the Custodian is unable to 
replace such Gold), the Issuer would not be able to satisfy its obligations in full in respect of the Gold 
Securities and in such circumstances, Securityholders could suffer a loss in respect of some or all of their 
investment in the Gold Securities. 
Insurance Risk – No Duty for the Custodian to Provide Insurance for the Benefit of the Issuer  
The Custodian may make such insurance arrangements for its own benefit in connection with its custodial 
obligations pursuant to the Custody Agreements with respect to Gold held in a Secured Account as it 
considers fit and customary for Gold storage, but is under no obligation to provide insurance for the benefit 
of the Issuer in respect of the Gold it holds for the Issuer. In addition, neither the Trustee nor the Security 
Trustee is responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for insuring 
Gold held in the Secured Accounts, and is not required to make any enquires of such arrangements. 
Furthermore, the Issuer does not and will not be required to maintain any insurance policy or similar 
arrangement in respect of the Gold held in the Secured Accounts. 
Accordingly, if any Gold forming part of the Secured Property attributable to any Gold Securities is lost, 
damaged, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Issuer and/or the Trustee 
and/or the Security Trustee, the Custodian's insurance coverage may not be sufficient to satisfy the claim 
and the Issuer may not be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities resulting in a loss 
to Securityholders of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Risks Relating to the Performance of the Custodian 
The custodial service provided by the Custodian under the Custody Agreements is not a regulated activity 
subject to the supervision and rules of the Central Bank. 
The ability of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Security Trustee to monitor the performance of the Custodian 
is limited because, under the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, the metal auditors of the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee have only limited rights to visit the premises of the Custodian, for the purpose of 
examining the Gold and certain related records maintained by the Custodian. This access right is subject to 
such reasonable conditions as the Custodian may require (although the Custodian is obliged to permit such 
access by metal auditors to its premises at least annually).  
Under the Custody Agreements, the Custodian is only liable for losses that are the direct result of its own 
negligence, fraud or wilful default in the performance of its duties and then only up to the aggregate market 
value of the Gold lost or damaged at the time such negligence, fraud or wilful default is discovered by the 
relevant Custodian.  
The Issuer's limited rights in this regard mean that there is a risk that the Issuer would have limited recourse 
to the Custodian in circumstances where Gold is lost or stolen in custody and/or the records of the Custodian 
are inconsistent, which could result in the Issuer not being able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold 
Securities which could, in turn, result in a loss to Securityholders of some or all of their investment in the 
Gold Securities. 
Risks Relating to the Performance of the Gold Agent  
The Issuer has appointed the Gold Agent as its agent to effect sales of Gold in connection with the 
Programme.

--- Page 24 ---
M-67740053-19 
24 
On a Gold Sale, the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) will instruct the Custodian to transfer the 
relevant Gold from the Secured Accounts to the order of the Gold Agent in accordance with the Gold Agent 
Agreement and the Gold Agent will sell the Gold in a timely fashion on the Gold Sale Date.  
Under the Gold Agent Agreement, the Gold Agent is authorised to take such steps as, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, it considers appropriate to effect an orderly sale of the Gold. This means 
that the Gold Agent will use its discretion in selling the Gold, and the Issuer cannot guarantee that such 
discretion will result in the Gold Agent obtaining the optimal price on the Gold Sale Date. As a result, the 
price realised by the Gold Agent in conducting a Gold Sale may not be the same price that another market 
participant (including a Securityholder) could have realised if they were to sell the Gold on the same date 
and a Securityholder may suffer a loss if the price realised by the Gold Agent is less than the value of the 
Gold at the time the Securityholder purchased its Gold Securities. In addition, the Gold Agent is permitted to 
deduct any amounts properly incurred by it in connection with such sale from the applicable proceeds.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Gold Agent Agreement, the Gold Agent is only responsible for any loss or 
damage as a result of any negligence, fraud or wilful default on Gold Agent's part in the performance of its 
duties. The Issuer's limited rights in this regard mean that there is a risk that the Issuer would have limited 
recourse to the Gold Agent in circumstances where the Gold is lost or stolen in the course of a Gold Sale. 
Additionally, the Gold Agent may make such insurance arrangements for its own benefit in connection with 
its obligations under the Gold Agent Agreement as it considers appropriate and is under no obligation to 
provide insurance for the benefit of the Issuer in respect of the Gold it sells to effect a Gold Sale. The Issuer's 
limited rights in this regard mean that there is a risk that the Issuer would have limited recourse to the Gold 
Agent in circumstances where the Gold is lost or stolen in the course of a Gold Sale. A loss or theft of some 
or all of the Gold in the course of a Gold Sale would have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities and Securityholders could, in turn, suffer a loss of 
some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
The services provided by the Gold Agent under the Gold Agent Agreement is presently not a regulated 
activity subject to the supervision and rules of any regulatory authority. 
Risks Relating to the Performance of the Swap Counterparty 
The Issuer appoints the Swap Counterparty as its agent to effect Gold Swaps in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to effect Gold Swaps could be affected by the actions of the Swap 
Counterparty or its agents or by events affecting the Swap Counterparty. In particular, if the Swap 
Counterparty is subject to a force majeure event beyond its reasonable control which prevents it from 
purchasing or delivering SMO Gold, then, in each case, the Issuer's access to SMO Gold and its ability to 
fulfil its obligation to effect a Gold Swap within the Swap Period could be impacted. In such circumstances, 
the Gold Securities in respect of a Series would continue to be backed (in whole or in part) by Non-SMO 
Gold and may be redeemed (in whole or in part) using Non-SMO Gold until such time as Gold Swaps, in 
respect of all any Non-SMO Gold held by the Issuer in respect of that Series of Gold Securities, can be 
effected. 
Under the Master Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty is only liable for losses that are the direct result 
of its own negligence, fraud or wilful default in the performance of its duties. The Issuer's limited rights in this 
regard mean that there is a risk that the Issuer would have limited recourse to the Swap Counterparty in 
circumstances where the Swap Counterparty failed to comply with its obligations under the Master Swap 
Agreement, which could result in the Issuer not being able to satisfy its obligation to effect a Gold Swap within 
the Swap Period. In such circumstances, the Gold Securities in respect of a Series would continue to be 
backed (in whole or in part) by Non-SMO Gold and may be redeemed (in whole or in part) using Non-SMO 
Gold until such time as Gold Swaps, in respect of any Non-SMO Gold held by the Issuer in respect of that 
Series of Gold Securities, can be effected.

--- Page 25 ---
M-67740053-19 
25 
The Swap Counterparty’s ability to effect Gold Swaps in respect of SMO Gold could be effected by a shortage 
of SMO Gold during the relevant period. Until such time that SMO Gold can be delivered, the Investors’ 
exposure will be to Non-SMO Gold and not SMO Gold which means the Investor will not have the assurance 
that the Gold underlying the Gold Security is solely sourced from a specific mine which has been selected 
through rigorous screening criteria, which meets the highest levels of responsible sourcing standards and 
has a fully auditable chain of custody throughout the entirety of the supply chain, ensuring that every ounce 
of Gold is fully traceable to its source. However, all Gold underlying Gold Securities will satisfy LBMA Good 
Delivery. There is a risk that a delay in swapping Non-SMO Gold for SMO Gold may result in Investors selling 
Gold Securities which may result in the price of Gold Securities decreasing.  
D. 
Operational Risks 
Early Redemption of Gold Securities 
An investment in Gold Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Securityholder and at short 
notice (a Compulsory Redemption). In these circumstances, the Securityholder may suffer a loss if the 
value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed 
on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the date of the early Redemption.  
A Compulsory Redemption is effected by Gold Sale. Pursuant to the terms of the Gold Agent Agreement the 
Gold Agent is entitled to deduct certain costs from the proceeds of the relevant sale of the Gold (see "Risks 
Relating to the Performance of the Gold Agent " above), which an Optional Redemption by way of Gold 
Delivery would otherwise not be subject to. In addition, if the early Redemption takes place at a time when 
the value of the Gold Securities redeemed is lower than when they were purchased by the Securityholder, 
the Securityholder could suffer a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. Early 
Redemption may occur in the following circumstances: 
• 
Early Redemption on Default  
In certain circumstances following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of the Issuer (including 
the Issuer's failure to make payments, failure to perform obligations in respect of the Gold Securities or 
certain insolvency events in respect of the Issuer), the Issuer will be required to redeem all or some of the 
Gold Securities in respect of a Series upon receiving notice from the Trustee, provided that the Trustee has 
been instructed by a specified portion of the Securityholders and indemnified, secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. These circumstances include where: 
(a) 
the Issuer has failed to comply with certain payment obligations in respect of the Redemption of any 
Gold Securities (subject to certain remedies);  
(b) 
the Issuer fails to comply with one or more of its obligations under a Programme Document; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is subject to an insolvency event. 
• 
Early Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may redeem any Gold Securities at any time by not less than 7 and no more than 14 Business 
Days' written notice, which it considers, in its absolute discretion:  
(a) 
are held in breach of law; or  
(b) 
that the ownership of such Gold Securities would, in its reasonable opinion cause a pecuniary or 
tax disadvantage to the Issuer or any other Securityholders. 
• 
Early Redemption Following a Disruption Event

--- Page 26 ---
M-67740053-19 
26 
If, in respect of a Series of Gold Securities, a disruption event occurs (for example disruption relating to the 
trading of the Gold, disruption relating to trade of the Gold Securities On-Exchange or in the OTC Market, 
the termination of a relevant Programme Party without replacement and disruption relating to the Secured 
Allocated Accounts or the inaccessibility or loss of the Gold), the Issuer may suspend Subscription and/or 
Redemption of the relevant Gold Securities for so long as the disruption event continues, and ultimately 
exercise its right to redeem some or all of the affected Gold Securities. 
Risks Relating to a Securityholder's Reliance on an Authorised Participant  
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in applying for Gold Securities to be issued. The Issuer 
will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that at all times there is at least one Authorised Participant. 
However, there can be no assurance that there will at all times be an Authorised Participant to deal with the 
Issuer in applying for or redeeming Gold Securities. 
In the event that there is no Authorised Participant, no Gold Securities can be issued. In such an event, it 
may also be difficult or impossible to sell Gold Securities on the Relevant Stock Exchanges at a price close 
to the Gold Reference Price or within a reasonable time period. In such a case, a Securityholder may Redeem 
directly with the Issuer, which may take longer and be more costly (due to payment of the Redemption Fee) 
than sale of the Gold Securities On-Exchange.  If the case persists that there are no Authorised Participants, 
then the Issuer could trigger a Compulsory Redemption Event which would result in the early redemption of 
the Gold Securities. The early redemption of the Gold Securities could, in turn, result in a Securityholder 
suffering a loss if the value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment 
had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the date of the early Redemption. 
Insufficient Assets to Cover Principal Amount  
A Securityholder may elect to receive an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount instead of the amount 
otherwise specified on a redemption. Such Principal Amount operates as a minimum repayment amount 
which is payable at the election of the Securityholder. Due to the limited recourse nature of the Gold 
Securities, in the event that the value of the Gold Entitlement of the relevant Series is insufficient to pay the 
Principal Amount to all Securityholders who have elected to receive the Principal Amount, such 
Securityholders may not receive payment of the Principal Amount in full and may receive substantially less. 
This would result in a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Risks Relating to the Application of the Total Expense Ratio  
The Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of a Series will decrease over time as a portion of the Total 
Expense Ratio (a rate per annum specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Series) is applied to the Gold 
Entitlement on a daily basis, which reduces the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security.  
There is no guarantee that the Gold in respect of a Series will outperform the Total Expense Ratio, meaning 
that the value of a Securityholder's investment could decrease over time.  
In addition, provided that it gives Securityholders at least 30 days' prior notice, the Issuer may increase the 
Total Expense Ratio. An increase in the Total Expense Ratio in respect of a Series will reduce the Gold 
Entitlement in respect of that Series by more than would have been the case (and at a faster rate) had the 
Total Expense Ratio remained the same. 
Other Business Activities of Authorised Participants (conflicts of interest) 
The Authorised Participants and/or their respective affiliates may be active traders in the physical and 
financial metals markets. These trading activities may present a conflict between: (i) the interests of the 
Securityholders; and (ii) the interests of the Authorised Participants in facilitating transactions (including 
options and other derivatives transactions) relating to Gold, both in their proprietary accounts and for their 
customers in accounts under their management.

--- Page 27 ---
M-67740053-19 
27 
These trading activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of the 
Securityholders and could adversely affect the market value of the Gold Securities. With respect to any of 
the activities described above, none of the Authorised Participants or any of their respective affiliates has 
any obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of the Gold Securities into 
consideration at any time. 
Risks Relating to the Trustee  
The Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders of a Series and will not have regard to 
the consequences of the exercise of its functions for individual Securityholders. As a result, a decision made 
by the Trustee in the exercise of its functions may have adverse consequences for an individual 
Securityholder, including, for example, if the exercise of discretion resulted in a delay in the redemption of 
the Gold Securities or a delay in receiving the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security or its pro rata share of the 
sale proceeds following a Gold Sale. In such circumstances, a Securityholder may suffer adverse tax 
consequences. The Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any Securityholder be entitled to claim, 
from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Securityholder.  
Risks Relating to the Security Trustee 
The Security Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders in respect of a Series and will 
not have regard to the consequences of the exercise of its functions for individual Securityholders. As a 
result, a decision made by the Security Trustee in the exercise of its functions may have adverse 
consequences for an individual Securityholder, including, for example, if the exercise of discretion resulted 
in a delay in the redemption of the Gold Securities or a delay in receiving the Gold Entitlement per Gold 
Security or its pro rata share of the sale proceeds following a Gold Sale.  In such circumstances, a 
Securityholder may suffer adverse tax consequences. The Security Trustee will not be entitled to require, 
nor will any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholder.  
Modifications to the Programme  
The Trustee may agree to amendments to the Programme Documents to which it is a party if, in its opinion 
such amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is 
necessary or desirable for the operational functioning of the Programme. In making such determinations, the 
Trustee is not under an obligation or a duty to take into account the interests of any individual Securityholder 
and so there may be circumstances where a Securityholder is adversely affected by a decision of the Trustee.  
The Trustee may also agree to any other modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of any of the Conditions or any of the provisions of any Programme Document to which the 
Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Securityholders. 
All other matters affecting the interests of the Securityholders (including any modifications of the Gold 
Securities) must be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders, which Extraordinary 
Resolution will be binding on all Securityholders of the relevant Series, including any Securityholders who 
did not vote in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
A Securityholder might therefore be adversely affected by a decision of the Trustee, the Issuer and/or other 
Securityholders where it did not consent to or agree with such a decision.  
E. 
Risks Relating to Security 
Limited Recourse

--- Page 28 ---
M-67740053-19 
28 
Subject always to the Security Deeds, the Securityholders will have recourse only to the Secured Property 
in respect of a Series, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured 
Property relating to a relevant Series and application of available assets, any outstanding claim against the 
Issuer relating to such a Series remains unsatisfied, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished, and 
no obligation will be owed by the Issuer in respect of such claim.  
Neither the Securityholders nor any other person acting on their behalf (or on behalf of any of them) will be 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its directors, shareholders, corporate service 
providers or agents to recover any further sum in respect of such claim and no obligation will be owed to any 
such persons by the Issuer in respect of such outstanding sum. 
Recognition of Security in other Jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Secured Property in 
respect of any Security Deed or any Security Document. In the event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not 
recognise the security granted by such Security Deed or other Security Document, such security may not be 
effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction and/or such assets may be subject to claims 
which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the Security Deeds or other Security Document. In the 
event that it becomes necessary to enforce the security granted by a Security Deed or other Security 
Document in a jurisdiction that does not recognise such security (or in which it has not been perfected) there 
may be delays in enforcing the security or it may not be possible to enforce such Security which could result 
in losses to Securityholders of some or all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Security Trustee is only required to enforce the Security on behalf of a Securityholder if it is directed to 
do so by the Trustee (subject to the Security Trustee having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified (without prejudice to any further demand) to its satisfaction against all liabilities which may be 
incurred in connection with acting on such direction) and provided the Trustee has been instructed by a 
specified portion of the Securityholders and indemnified, secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. These 
circumstances include where (i) the Issuer has failed to comply with certain payment obligations in respect 
of the Redemption of any Gold Securities (subject to certain remedies), or (ii) the Issuer fails to comply with 
one or more of its obligations under a Programme Document, or (iii) the Issuer is subject to an insolvency 
event. 
In circumstances where the Security Trustee is not directed to enforce the Security, a Securityholder will 
have no right to proceed directly against the Issuer and may therefore not be able to realise the value of its 
investment. 
Risks Relating to the Subordination of Securityholders' Claims on Enforcement of Security  
Any claims made against the Issuer will be satisfied in order of the priority waterfall set out in the section 
entitled Application Of Proceeds On Enforcement Of Security in Condition 6 (Security) (as set out in Section 
11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities), meaning that the claims of the Securityholders rank behind 
applicable payments to the Custodian, the Security Trustee and the Trustee, as described below. 
The Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the 
Security constituted by the Security Documents in accordance with the priority waterfall set out in Condition 
6.3 (Application of Proceeds on Enforcement Of Security), in accordance with which all moneys received or 
recovered by the Trustee under the applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of 
the assets by the Security Trustee that are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security 
Documents, in each case in relation to the Gold Securities of the relevant Series, will be applied as follows:  
(a) 
first, in repayment to the Custodian of the loan made by it of the Over-allocated Gold. by payment 
to the Custodian of the Over-allocated Gold Proceeds (either by way of delivery of Gold or payment 
of cash);

--- Page 29 ---
M-67740053-19 
29 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Gold Securities to the Trustee, the Security Trustee 
or any receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed or the Security Documents (which shall 
include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee 
(other than any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s and/or the Security 
Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted 
by the Security Documents and the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs 
of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted by the Security Deeds); 
(c) 
third, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, expenses or other amounts pursuant to the Programme 
Documents (including payment of any amounts owing for reimbursement in respect of any proper 
payment of amounts paid to Securityholders and default interest (if any) made to the 
Securityholders); 
(d) 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to Zipa Management pursuant to the Management 
Agreement; 
(e) 
fifth, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably; and 
(f) 
sixth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
Following the priority of payments, the security may be insufficient and the Issuer may not be able to return 
the full amounts due to Securityholders who may suffer a loss of some or all of their investment in the Gold 
Securities as a result.  
Enforcement of the Security 
The Security Trustee shall enforce the Security at the direction of the Trustee (subject to the Security Trustee 
having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified (without prejudice to any further demand) to its 
satisfaction against all liabilities which may be incurred in connection with acting on such direction), if an 
Event of Default occurs with respect to the Gold Securities. When exercising its right in this regard, the 
Security Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a whole and will not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders, which may have an adverse impact on 
certain Securityholders more than others.  
F. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer and its Legal Structure  
The Issuer  
The Issuer expects that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying companies as set 
out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) (Section 110), and as such should be 
taxed only on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all amounts of interest and other revenue 
expenses due to be paid by the Issuer subject to the Issuer meeting all relevant conditions of Section 110. 
If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be entitled to the benefits of Section 110, or any of its 
expenses are not deductible for tax purposes, then profits or losses could arise in the Issuer which could 
have tax effects not contemplated in the cashflows connected with the Gold Securities and as such could 
adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and consequently the payments on the Gold Securities. 
Other than the Gold held in respect of the Gold Securities (to the extent not applied in discharge of certain 
establishment expenses of the Issuer), the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than a small amount of 
profit received by the Issuer in connection with the issue of the Gold Securities and in respect of the Gold 
Securities, any rights, property, sums or other assets on which such Gold Securities issued under the 
Programme are secured. 
The Directors of the Issuer have passed a board resolution to authorise the Programme. The Issuer is not 
required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws

--- Page 30 ---
M-67740053-19 
30 
of its jurisdiction of incorporation. In particular, the Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank 
as a result of issuing the Gold Securities. 
There can be no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more other jurisdictions will not 
determine that the Issuer is required to be licensed, registered or authorised under the prevailing securities, 
banking or commodities laws of that jurisdiction or that legal or regulatory requirements in this respect will 
not change so as to bring the Issuer's activity relating to the Gold Securities within the scope of such laws. 
Any such regulatory requirement or change could trigger a Compulsory Redemption Event and result in the 
early redemption of the Gold Securities which in turn could result in a Securityholder suffering a loss if the 
value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed 
on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the date of the early Redemption.  
No Guarantee by any other Party  
The Gold Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any 
entity other than the Issuer. Aside from the Issuer, no Programme Party, or any other person (including any 
Affiliate of the Issuer) is required to make payments on the Gold Securities of any Series. Specifically, the 
Gold Securities:  
(a) 
will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit protection 
scheme, including but not limited to the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank or 
any client money protection scheme;  
(b) 
are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body; and 
(c) 
by virtue of the issue of the Gold Securities, the Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank. 
Consequently, if the Issuer were to fail to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold Securities, the 
Securityholders would have no recourse to any other person or ability to require any other person to make 
payments on behalf of the Issuer and in such circumstances, a Securityholder could suffer a loss of some or 
all of their investment in the Gold Securities. 
Insolvency  
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of Gold Securities and related and/or 
incidental matters. Any issue of Gold Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the 
Securityholders and the Programme Parties in respect of such Gold Securities to be limited to the proceeds 
of the assets on which such Gold Securities are secured. 
In addition, there are restrictions on the Securityholders and Programme Parties bringing insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer. Subject to such provisions being upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer 
could become insolvent. 
However, notwithstanding the limited recourse and non-petition provisions, should the Issuer have 
outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable to discharge or should the limited recourse or non-
petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer 
becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of any country having jurisdiction over it or any of its 
assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine the validity of the claims of Securityholders and 
may prevent Securityholders from enforcing their rights with respect to any Gold Securities held by it or delay 
such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets and 
security, the Security created in favour of the Security Trustee in respect of such Series of Gold Securities 
may be set aside or ranked behind certain other creditors and the assets subject to such Security may be 
transferred to another person free of such Security.

--- Page 31 ---
M-67740053-19 
31 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions, the rights of the Security Trustee to enforce the Security created pursuant 
to any Security Document may be limited or delayed by such procedures. 
Unconnected Liabilities of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a special purpose company but it is not a regulated fund with statutory segregated liability 
between sub-funds with each sub-fund having separate assets and liabilities. Accordingly, the Issuer uses 
contractual limited recourse and non-petition provisions to achieve segregated liability and to prevent assets 
held in relation to any particular Series of Gold Securities being made available to satisfy the claims of holders 
of a different Series of Gold Securities.  While assets held in relation to any particular Series of Gold 
Securities are not available to satisfy the claims of holders of a different Series of Gold Securities, there is a 
risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether in respect of the Gold Securities 
or otherwise) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition limitations. If this were to 
happen it could increase the likelihood of the Issuer entering insolvency proceedings.  If the Issuer were to 
enter insolvency proceedings, an Event of Default would occur in respect of each Series of Gold Securities 
which would result in the Gold Securities being redeemed at short notice. This may result in the Gold 
Securities being redeemed on an earlier date than a Securityholder would otherwise have chosen. In these 
circumstances, the Securityholder may suffer a loss if the value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would 
otherwise have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder and may 
even lose all of their investment in the Gold Securities.  
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law and Floating Charges 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that 
are treated under Irish law as creditors that are senior relative to the Securityholders and other Secured 
Parties, the Securityholders (and other Secured Parties) may suffer losses as a result of their subordinated 
status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish 
company, such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security which may have 
been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential 
creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred 
claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company 
(which may include any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company's requirements for the 
duration of his appointment) which have been approved by the relevant Irish courts (see Examinership 
below). 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include the 
Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment of debts due 
to it by the company. 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the 
security within 21 calendar days of its creation, the holder's liability is limited to the amount of certain 
outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after 
the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners' notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by another 
person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether the liabilities 
are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of holders of 
security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a person 
entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the company 
on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security.

--- Page 32 ---
M-67740053-19 
32 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with the 
assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or 
appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that such 
liberty is given to the Issuer any charge constituted by the Security Deeds may operate as a floating, rather 
than a fixed charge. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is necessary to 
oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account and 
to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies standing to the credit of such 
account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that the 
fixed security over the relevant charged assets would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained 
in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution 
creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and 
certain taxes on winding-up even if crystallised prior to the commencement of winding-up; 
(c) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(d) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge; and 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
Centre of Main Interests 
Article 3(1) of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on 
Insolvency Proceedings (recast) (the EU Insolvency Regulation) is in force in Ireland since 26 June 2017 
and applies to "insolvency proceedings" opened after 26 June 2017. Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency 
Regulation provides that the centre of main interests (COMI) shall be "the place where the debtor conducts 
the administration of its interests on a regular basis and which is ascertainable by third parties" and in the 
case of a company, such as the Issuer, the place of the registered office shall be presumed to be the COMI 
in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that the registered office has not been moved from 
another member state of the EU (a Member State) within the 3 month period prior to the request for the 
opening of "insolvency proceedings". 
In the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) in relation to Eurofood IFSC Limited, 
the CJEU restated the presumption in Council Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29 May 2000 on Insolvency 
Proceedings, that the place of a company's registered office is presumed to be the company's COMI and 
stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if "factors which are both objective and ascertainable by 
third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation exists which is different from that which 
locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect". This is consistent with Recital 30 to the EU Insolvency 
Regulation. 
Recital 28 to the EU Insolvency Regulation further indicates that in assessing whether a company's centre 
of main interests is ascertainable to third parties for these purposes, "special consideration should be given 
to the creditors and to their perception as to where a debtor conducts the administration of its interests". As 
the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has not moved its registered office from another Member State 
to Ireland within the 3 month period prior to a request for the opening of "insolvency proceedings", has an 
Irish corporate services provider, has Irish directors and is registered for tax in Ireland, the Issuer does not

--- Page 33 ---
M-67740053-19 
33 
believe that factors exist that would rebut this presumption, although this would ultimately be a matter for the 
relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that 
decision. If the Issuer's COMI is not located in Ireland, and is held to be in a different jurisdiction within the 
European Union, main insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Ireland. 
Accordingly, pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Insolvency Regulation and as the Issuer is an Irish incorporated 
company and has its registered office in Ireland there is a rebuttable presumption that the Issuer's COMI is 
in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency proceedings applicable to it would be governed by Irish 
law. 
Examinership 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Companies Act 2014 to facilitate the survival of Irish 
companies in financial difficulties. Where a company, which has its COMI in Ireland is, or is likely to be unable 
to pay its debts an examiner may be appointed on a petition to the relevant Irish court under Section 509 of 
the Companies Act 2014. 
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or 
shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the 
voting share capital of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. 
The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the 
company after this appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the 
company prior to this appointment. Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the subject of a fixed charge. 
However, if such power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the 
amount realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the proceeds of the 
sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish court when at least one class of 
creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Irish court is satisfied that such proposals are 
fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and 
whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Trustee or Security Trustee represented the 
majority in number and value of claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee or Security Trustee 
would be in a position to reject any proposal not in favour of the Securityholders. The Trustee or Security 
Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the relevant Irish court hearing at which the proposed scheme of 
arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to the Securityholders, 
especially if such proposals included a writing down to the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders. 
The fact that the Issuer is a special purpose vehicle and that all of its liabilities should be of a limited recourse 
nature means that it is unlikely that an examiner would be appointed to the Issuer. 
However, if, for any reason, an examiner was appointed while any amounts due by the Issuer under the Gold 
Securities were unpaid, the primary risks to the Securityholders are as follows: 
(a) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down 
or rescheduling of the debt due by the Issuer to the Securityholders as secured by the Trust Deeds, 
Security Deeds and/or Security Documents; 
(b) 
the Security Trustee acting for and on behalf of the Secured Parties, would not be able to enforce 
rights against the Issuer during the period of examinership;

--- Page 34 ---
M-67740053-19 
34 
(c) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Gold Securities 
prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the examiner 
to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
(d) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner's remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the 
examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish court) will take priority over the 
monies and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the 
Issuer to each of the Secured Parties under the Gold Securities or the Programme Documents. 
G. 
VAT and Tax Risks Relating to an Investment in the Gold Securities  
Taxation and no gross-up 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments in respect of 
the Gold Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to 
receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result 
of any such withholding or deduction. 
The tax treatment of the Gold Securities, including but not limited to the question of whether the Gold 
Securities should be treated as debt securities or units in a collective investment scheme for tax purposes, 
is fundamentally unclear in some jurisdictions. Prospective investors' attention is therefore drawn to the 
section entitled "Taxation" of this Base Prospectus and the other tax disclosures in this Base Prospectus. 
Transfers of Gold to or from the Issuer or transfers of the sale proceeds of Gold to the Issuer under the Gold 
Agent Agreement in relation to a Series may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, Taxes (including VAT). In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or the 
Trustee and/or the Security Trustee) to pay the Optional Redemption or the Compulsory Redemption may 
not be sufficient to satisfy in full the claims of the Securityholders and all creditors whose claims rank in 
priority to those of the Securityholders. 
Where the Issuer is, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will be, required by any applicable law to make 
a payment in respect of VAT, register for VAT or be otherwise required to account for VAT in connection with 
a delivery of Gold in respect of a Subscription or a Redemption, or the Issuer has become liable, or become 
aware that it is liable, for VAT in respect of a prior delivery of Gold (in each case whether or not such VAT is 
recoverable), the Gold Securities may become subject to early redemption. 
Each Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Gold Securities. You 
should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your own tax 
advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any Gold Securities. 
Imposition of unanticipated Taxes on Issuer 
The Issuer has been advised that under current Irish law, any fees payable to Zipa Management for its 
services should be exempt from VAT in Ireland as consideration paid for portfolio management services 
provided to a "qualifying company" for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA. This is based upon Article 
135(1)(g) of Council Directive 2006/112/EC on the Common System of Value Added Tax (the Directive), 
which provides that EU member states shall exempt the management of "special investment funds" as 
defined by EU member states. The Value-Added Tax Consolidation Act 2010 of Ireland, in the provisions 
implementing Article 135(1)(g) of the Directive, specifically lists, in the categories of undertakings to whom 
supplies of management services are exempt from VAT, undertakings which are "qualifying companies" for 
the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA. The Issuer has been advised that it will be such a "qualifying 
company", therefore management services supplied to it are exempt from VAT in Ireland under current law. 
On 9 December 2015 the European Court of Justice handed down its judgment in the case of

--- Page 35 ---
M-67740053-19 
35 
Staatssecretaris van Financiën v Fiscale Eenheid X NV cs Case C-595/13 which concerned Dutch law on 
VAT, in particular the Dutch interpretation of the term "special investment fund" under the Directive, and 
could suggest that the exemption had been enacted by some EU member states more broadly than is 
permitted by the Directive. The Issuer is not, however, aware of any proposal to amend Irish domestic law to 
remove the exemption from VAT on portfolio management fees for entities such as the Issuer. If the Issuer 
is not or ceases to be entitled to the benefits of Section 110, or any of its expenses are not deductible for tax 
purposes, then profits or losses could arise in the Issuer which could have tax effects not contemplated in 
the financial position of the Issuer and as such could adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and 
consequently may result in the Total Expense Ratio increasing therefore negatively impacting a 
Securityholder’s return. 
H. 
Risk Factors Relating to Legal Matters  
Regulatory Risk 
Government or regulatory intervention in the financial markets could result in the Issuer or any other 
Programme Party being unable to perform its obligations in relation to the Gold Securities; and/or a 
Securityholders being unable to hold Gold Securities. If, due to a change in any applicable law or regulation, 
it becomes illegal for the Issuer, a Programme Party or a Securityholder to perform its obligations in relation 
to the Gold Securities, the Gold Securities of the relevant Series may fall for Compulsory Redemption. 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities 
or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and (subject to the requirements of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any related rules issued by the Central Bank) will operate without supervision by any authority 
in any jurisdiction. However, the regulatory requirements as to licensing, registration or authorisation in 
Ireland could change thereby requiring the Issuer to obtain such a status. Regulatory authorities in one or 
more other jurisdictions may regard such laws as being applicable to the Issuer and may require the Issuer 
to be licensed, registered or authorised. Any such regulatory requirement or change could trigger a 
Compulsory Redemption Event and result in the early redemption of the Gold Securities which in turn could 
result in a Securityholder suffering a loss if the value of the Gold Securities is lower than it would otherwise 
have been if the investment had been redeemed on a day chosen by the Securityholder, rather than on the 
date of the early Redemption.  
Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, the Issuer may be unable to comply with the requirements 
imposed by the regulatory authorities of any such jurisdiction. The taking of an alternative view by such 
regulatory authority could therefore have an adverse impact on the Issuer and/or the holders of Gold 
Securities including, without limitation, the Issuer consequently determining that a Compulsory Redemption 
Event has occurred in respect of any affected Gold Securities. The Gold Securities may therefore be 
redeemed early, which may result in Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than their initial 
investment. 
Change of Law 
The Conditions are governed by Irish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Gold Securities. It 
is possible that a judicial decision or change to Irish law or administrative practice after the date of issue of 
the relevant Gold Securities will occur which may affect such Gold Securities.  
It is not possible to predict the consequences of any such changes; it could have a significant adverse effect 
on the price and liquidity of the Gold Securities and/or the Issuer may, as a result of such change, determine 
that a Compulsory Redemption Event has occurred and the Gold Securities may be redeemed early. As a 
result of such Redemption, Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their initial 
investment. 
Legality of Purchase

--- Page 36 ---
M-67740053-19 
36 
The purchase of the Gold Securities by any prospective purchaser may be subject to investment laws, 
regulations and/or restrictions or review by certain authorities (including controls and/or position limits on the 
Relevant Stock Exchanges). The Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Authorised Participants, any 
other Programme Party or any Affiliate of such persons are not responsible for compliance by a prospective 
purchaser of the Gold Securities (whether for its own account or for the account of any third party) with such 
investment laws, regulations and/or restrictions.  
If a Securityholder acquires Gold Securities in contravention of such laws, regulations and/or restrictions and 
breach of such laws, regulations and/or restrictions, this may result in adverse consequences (including, 
without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor outside of the Programme (notwithstanding the 
Issuer's right to effect a Compulsory Redemption for Cause in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Compulsory 
Redemption for Cause), which would result in the early Redemption of the affected Gold Securities).  
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFMD) became effective on 22 July 
2013 and provides, amongst other things, that all alternative investment funds (AIFs) must have a designated 
alternative investment fund manager (AIFM) with responsibility for portfolio and risk management. 
The application of the AIFMD to special purpose vehicles such as the Issuer is unclear. The Issuer does not 
operate in the same manner as a typical alternative investment fund. However, the definition of AIFs and 
AIFM in the AIFMD is broad and there is only limited guidance as to how such definitions should be applied 
in the context of a special purpose vehicle such as the Issuer. Were the Issuer to be found to be an AIF, or 
were any person acting in any capacity of the Gold Securities found to be acting as an AIFM with respect to 
the Issuer, both the Issuer and the person found to be acting as the AIFM would need to be appropriately 
regulated. Owing to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely that either the Issuer or 
Zipa Management could fully comply with the requirements of AIFMD. In such circumstance, the Issuer would 
be likely to determine that a Compulsory Redemption Event had occurred, and the Gold Securities will be 
redeemed early and Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their initial investment. 
Risk of Re-characterisation  
The Gold has been issued in the form of debt securities and are not units in an authorised collective 
investment scheme. It is possible that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction may re-
characterise the Gold Securities as units in a collective investment scheme. Any such re-characterisation 
may have adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor. 
In addition, as a result of such re-characterisation, the Issuer may determine that a Compulsory Redemption 
Event has occurred. The Gold Securities may therefore be redeemed early, which may result in 
Securityholders receiving less, or substantially less, than their initial investment. 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for collective 
investment in transferable securities subject to the Directive of the European Parliament and the Council of 
13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings 
for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (2009/65/EC) (the Recast UCITS Directive), as 
amended, need to satisfy themselves that any investment in the Gold Securities will comply with any 
regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the Recast UCITS Directive and any laws, 
regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives.  
Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS which is a Securityholder, to be in breach of its 
compliance obligations under the Recast UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national 
regime.

--- Page 37 ---
M-67740053-19 
37 
UCITS are Prohibited Gold Holders. Consequently, redemption is only permitted to UCITS by way of Gold 
Sale, as further detailed under Section 1 - Description of the Programme and Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) and 
UCITS cannot be delivered Gold under any circumstances. 
Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS which is a Securityholder, to be in breach of its 
compliance obligations under the Recast UCITS Directive, laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to regulatory sanctions under its national 
regime.

--- Page 38 ---
M-67740053-19 
38 
SECTION 3 – DEFINITIONS 
All terms and expressions not defined in this Section 3 – Definitions, which have defined meanings in Section 11 – 
Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities shall have the same meanings in this Base Prospectus.  
With respect to this document (other than Section 11– Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities), the following 
expressions have the following meanings: 
Affiliate  
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by that 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, that person, or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with that person; and for this purpose, "control" 
of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the 
entity or person;   
Authorised Participant 
means certain regulated trading firms, banks or other market professionals approved 
by the Issuer (in its sole discretion) that satisfies certain minimum qualifying criteria 
and that is party to an Authorised Participant Agreement;  
Authorised Participant 
Agreement 
means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised participant agreement 
(as may be amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant; 
Bar List 
means that list of bars of Gold held in Secured Allocated Accounts, published by the 
Issuer on the Issuer's Website; 
Base Prospectus  
means this base prospectus of the Issuer; 
Bearer Securities 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Conditions 
means the terms and conditions on and subject to which Gold Securities as set out 
in Section 11 – Terms and Conditions of Gold Securities; 
Custody Agreements 
means the Secured Unallocated Custody Agreements and the Secured Allocated 
Custody Agreements; 
Directors 
means the directors of the Issuer, being at the Prospectus Date persons whose 
names are listed as such in Section 5 – Description of the Issuer; 
EEA State 
means a member of the European Economic Area; 
EU 
means the European Union; 
Euro or € 
means the euro currency; 
FCA 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom and any successor 
thereto; 
Fixing 
means in relation to gold on any day on which the Relevant Market is open for 
business, the price fixing process or processes conducted under or for the purposes 
of the rules and procedures of the LBMA to determine a price for gold on that day at 
that Fixing or any successor price fixing process or processes established or 
authorised by or on behalf of the LBMA; 
Fixing Price 
means, in relation to any Fixing for gold, the price determined by the Fixing; 
FSMA 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom;

--- Page 39 ---
M-67740053-19 
39 
Gold  
means the gold (which may, at any time, be made up of SMO Gold and/or Non-SMO 
Gold) held in the Secured Accounts, which backs the Gold Securities; 
Gold Reference Price 
means, in respect of Gold, the price of Gold (expressed in USD) published by the 
LBMA in respect of the LBMA's official London pricing time for the Gold or, if there is 
more than one official pricing time for the Gold, the a.m. price or the p.m. price, as 
applicable; 
Good Delivery 
means the refining standard and weights of Gold set by the LBMA; 
ICSD 
means an International Central Securities Depositary; 
Individual Securities 
means Gold Securities of a particular Series; 
Issuer Cash Accounts 
means each cash account established by the Issuer with an Eligible Account Bank 
into which amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer (i) as SMO Gold Premium 
(including the Issuer Premium Account) and (ii) for the purpose of effecting 
Redemptions (including the Issuer Redemption Cash Account) are paid; 
LBMA 
means the London Bullion Market Association; 
Management Fee 
means the management fee payable by the Issuer to Zipa Management in 
consideration for the provision by Zipa Management or an Affiliate or successor of 
Zipa Management of all services provided under the management agreement 
entered into by, amongst others, the Issuer and Zipa Management (the Management 
Agreement); 
MiFID2 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive), 
as amended; 
Non-AP Securityholder 
means a Securityholder that is not also an Authorised Participant; 
Non-SMO Gold 
means gold that is not solely sourced from a single mine that is accredited with the 
highest responsibility standards and does not have an auditable chain of custody for 
the entire supply chain, with full segregation from a single mine to finished product; 
On-Exchange 
means the trading of Gold Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange; 
OTC Market 
means the global over-the-counter market for the trading of Gold; 
ounces or oz 
means troy ounces. One troy ounce equals approximately 31.1034768 grams; 
PRA  
means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom and any successor 
thereto; 
Programme  
means the programme for the issue of Gold Securities; 
Prospectus Date  
means the date on which this Base Prospectus is approved by the Central Bank, as 
set out on the first page hereof; 
Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129, as amended from time to time;

--- Page 40 ---
M-67740053-19 
40 
PR Regulation  
means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, as amended from time to time; 
Refinery 
means an industrial installation where gold is refined, where the following conditions 
are satisfied: 
(a) the head office of the refinery is located in an OECD country;  
(b) the refinery is a member of the London Bullion Market Association; and 
(c) the refinery sources its gold for the Issuer exclusively from mining 
companies that are World Gold Council members.  
Registered Office  
means the registered office of the Issuer being 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, 
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland; 
Registered Securities 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
 
Regulated Market  
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID2, as amended and/or FSMA, 
as applicable; 
Relevant Clearing 
System 
means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, or (iii) any other recognised clearing system in 
which Gold Securities of a Series may be cleared; 
Relevant Market  
means, in respect of gold, the loco London Metal Market; 
Relevant Stock 
Exchange 
means the London Stock Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any other 
stock exchange on which Gold Securities of a Series may be listed; 
 
RTS Regulation 
means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council with regard to regulatory technical standards on key financial information in 
the summary of a prospectus, the publication and classification of prospectuses, 
advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, and the notification 
portal, as amended from time to time; 
Secured Allocated 
Custody Agreement  
means each secured allocated custody agreement between the Issuer and a 
Custodian, and in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, means the 
secured allocated custody agreement entered into by the Issuer and HSBC Bank 
PLC (the First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement); 
Secured Unallocated 
Custody Agreement 
means each secured unallocated custody agreement between the Issuer and a 
Custodian, and in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, means the 
secured unallocated custody agreement entered into by the Issuer and HSBC Bank 
PLC (the First Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement; 
Securityholder 
and holder mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose name a 
Registered Security is registered (as the case may be);

--- Page 41 ---
M-67740053-19 
41 
SMO Gold 
means gold that is solely sourced from a specific mine which has been selected 
through rigorous screening criteria, meets the highest levels of responsible sourcing 
standards and has a fully auditable chain of custody throughout the entirety of the 
supply chain, ensuring that every ounce of gold is fully traceable to its source; 
United Kingdom or UK  
means United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; 
United States or US  
means the United States of America; 
VAT 
means value added tax; 
Vault  
means the secure vault(s) of the Custodian for the secure storage and custody of 
gold located in London, United Kingdom; 
zero coupon  
means a debt instrument with no periodic coupon payments;  
Zipa Investments 
Zipa Investments Limited; 
Zipa Management 
Zipa Management Limited; and 
Zipa Management 
Group 
Zipa Management and Zipa Investments. 
References in this document to a particular time are, unless otherwise stated, references to the time applicable in 
Dublin, Ireland. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or documents includes a 
reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any statute or 
any provision of any statute include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory 
instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or any such modification or re-enactment, in each case in force as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such legislation as it 
applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United Kingdom, the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other applicable UK legislation in relation to 
the “on-shoring” of retained EU law.

--- Page 42 ---
M-67740053-19 
42 
SECTION 4 – PRECIOUS METAL MARKET OVERVIEW 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of information relating to gold, 
its storage, trade associations or relevant legislation. Prospective purchasers of Gold Securities are advised 
to conduct their own independent investigation of gold or consult with their relevant advisors as to the 
prospects and consequences of a purchase of Gold Securities linked to gold. 
A. 
Description of Physical Gold  
Properties  
Gold is a dense, lustrous, yellow precious metal that has been used for a long period of time as a store of 
value, as a unit of exchange and in jewellery. It is the most malleable and ductile metal known to man such 
that a single gram of gold can be beaten into a sheet of one square metre or a wire one mile long. Gold is a 
good conductor of heat and electricity, and it is unaffected by air, heat, moisture and most solvents. It is 
occasionally found in nuggets, but occurs more commonly as minute grains between mineral grain 
boundaries. Historically, gold was obtained by panning stream beds, but modern extraction techniques can 
economically recover gold from ore grades as low as 0.5 parts per million. Gold was used as a benchmark 
for the world monetary system between 1944 and 1971, when the Bretton Woods agreement fixed the world's 
paper currencies to the U.S. dollar, which in turn was fixed to the price of gold. The collapse of this system 
at the end of 1971 heralded not only freely floating exchange rates but also freely floating gold prices. 
Major producers  
Since 1905, South Africa had been the world's largest producer of gold. However, in 2007 China surpassed 
South African production. South African production has suffered from declining ore grades, maturing mines, 
power disruption and labour unrest during the past decade. Today, China, Russia, Australia, the United 
States and Canada account for more than 40 per cent. of the world's annual gold mine production (Source: 
World Gold Council, Metals Focus, 31/12/21). 
Major holders  
Global central banks remain a powerful community in terms of the world gold market. According to statistics 
published by the World Gold Council in January 2023, their combined holdings amounted to over 35,000 
tonnes representing almost one fifth of the above-ground stock. Central bank demand totalled 1,136t in 2022 
marking the second consecutive a year-on-year increase in demand from this sector and the highest level of 
buying since 1967. Buying was primarily from emerging market banks, including Turkey and China (Source: 
World Gold Council, GDT30, 31/01/2023).  
According to statistics published by the World Gold Council, the largest holder of gold reserves is the United 
States with 8,133 tonnes, equivalent to 67.08 per cent. of the United States' total reserves. The average gold 
to total reserve ratio across all central banks is 13.2 per cent. However, in Europe ratios are significantly 
higher (with Portugal holding the highest gold to total reserve ratio at 69.18 per cent.) (Source: World Gold 
Council, Gold Reserves by Country, 31/12/2022). 
Major uses  
The majority of gold consumption comes from the jewellery sector, alloys of gold with silver, copper and other 
metals are often used because pure gold is often too soft for ordinary use. When used in jewellery, the quality 
of gold is measured in karats (k), with pure gold being 24k, and lower numbers indicating higher copper or 
silver content, for example. Gold has some industrial uses due to its electrical conductivity, resistance to 
corrosion, reflectiveness, and other physical and chemical properties. It is used in electrical connectors and 
contacts, electronics, restorative dentistry, medical applications, chemistry and photography. 
Unless otherwise stated, the data referred to in the above sections is sourced from the World Gold Council, 
2022.

--- Page 43 ---
M-67740053-19 
43 
SMO-Gold  
SMO gold is 24 carat pure gold, produced and refined from one single mine site and plant. SMO Gold adheres 
to a strict criteria, so it only originates from mines which satisfies the criteria, and is mined in accordance with 
the World Gold Council’s Responsible Gold Mining Principles.  
SMO certified gold provides an auditable chain of custody for the entire supply chain, with full segregation 
from mine to finished product. Batch codes and QR codes offer consumers a direct link to the source of the 
precious metal used in their purchase, as well as giving an insight into the impact each transaction has 
helped to create through local community projects. 
B. 
Operation of the precious metals markets 
Precious metals including gold generally trade in the OTC Market on a 24-hour per day continuous basis. 
The OTC market includes spot, forwards, options and other derivatives transactions. There is also a 
developed market for exchange traded futures and options on precious metals, the most significant futures 
exchanges being the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, the Chicago Board of Trade, 
and the Tokyo Commodity Exchange. 
OTC trades are conducted directly between counterparties who negotiate (a) their own terms and conditions 
and (b) risk and settlement arrangements. Market makers and other OTC market participants trade with each 
other and clients on a principal-to-principal basis, using relatively flexible terms for quotes, price, size, 
delivery point and other factors. 
The main OTC centres are London, Zurich and New York. Market participants including central banks, mining 
companies, jewellery manufacturers, investors and speculators typically transact in one of these markets. 
Most of the world's bullion dealers are members or associate members of the LBMA. 
Gold is not a traded security or other traded obligation, but is a commodity traded over-the-counter and so 
no information can be provided on its terms and conditions.  
OTC liquidity varies throughout the 24-hour trading day. Typically, liquidity is greatest when trading in 
European and US time zones overlaps, which also coincides with futures and options trading on COMEX. 
This period lasts for approximately four hours each New York business day morning. 
C. 
Trading Location  
Although the market for physical gold and silver is distributed globally, most OTC market trades are cleared 
through London. Amongst other things, the LBMA is the trade association that co-ordinates the activities 
conducted in the London bullion market, and acts as the principal point of contact between the market and 
its regulators. The LBMA: 
(a) 
sets refining standards by maintenance of the London Good Delivery Lists (which are the lists of the 
LBMA accredited smelters and assayers of gold and silver);  
(b) 
co-ordinates market clearing and vaulting; 
(c) 
promotes good trading practices; and 
(d) 
develops standard documentation. 
The LBMA publishes a list of specifications for a gold or silver bar to be accepted for trading in the London 
bullion market. This list of specifications is called the "London Good Delivery List" and these requirements 
are set out in "The Good Delivery Rules for Gold and Silver Bars" published by the LBMA. 
D. 
Good Delivery

--- Page 44 ---
M-67740053-19 
44 
The LBMA "Good Delivery List" is now widely recognised as representing the de facto standard for the quality 
of gold and silver bars due to the stringent criteria for assaying standards and bar quality that an applicant 
must satisfy in order to be listed.  
Trading Units  
(a) 
Troy ounces: The traditional unit of weight used for precious metals. The term derives from the 
French town of Troyes, where this unit was first used in the Middle Ages. One troy ounce is equal 
to 1.0971428 ounces avoirdupois.  
Where one kilogram is equal to 32.1507465 troy ounces, the accepted conversion factors between 
troy ounces and metric units become:  
1,000 grams = 32.1507465 troy ounces  
1 gram = 0.0321507465 troy ounces  
so, 1 troy ounce = ((1/32.1507465) X 1,000) = 31.1034768 grams.  
For gold, this is one fine troy ounce. The unit represents pure gold irrespective of the purity of a 
particular bar. Generally, in relation to gold, all references to ounces mean fine troy ounces.  
(b) 
Fineness: A measure of the proportion of gold in a bullion bar. It therefore defines the purity of a 
gold bar.  
(c) 
Assaying: The process by which fineness is determined. The fineness of gold jewellery is usually 
expressed in carats (parts of fine gold per 24). Eighteen-carat jewellery is therefore 750 fine in 
bullion market terms. 
E. 
Unit for Delivery of Loco London Gold  
The unit for delivery of loco London gold is the London Good Delivery gold bar (LGD gold bar). It must have 
a minimum fineness of 995.0 and a gold content of between 350 and 430 fine troy ounces with the bar weight 
expressed in multiples of 0.025 of an ounce (which is the smallest weight used in the market). Bars are 
generally close to 400 ounces or 12.5 kilograms. The LBMA document "The Good Delivery Rules for Gold 
and Silver Bars" describes the rules for weighing bars and how the numbers can be rounded. Gold bars are 
weighed using a beam balance. When weighing a gold bar, it must "turn the scale" when the correct weight 
is placed on the scale. If a bar does not "turn the scale," then the recorded weight is reduced by 0.025 of an 
ounce.  
"Turn the scale" means that the indicator needle on the beam balance moves at least two divisions of 0.002 
ounce each in favour of the bar.  
Fine gold content refers to the actual quantity of pure gold in a bar and is expressed to three decimal places. 
The fine gold content is calculated by multiplying the recorded gross weight by the fineness (to one decimal 
place). Rounding of the third decimal in the resulting figure is allowed if the fourth decimal prior to any 
rounding is a nine.  
Additionally, each gold bar must bear the following markings:  
(a) 
the serial number;  
(b) 
the assay stamp of refiner;  
(c) 
the fineness (to four significant figures); and  
(d) 
the year of manufacture (expressed in four digits).

--- Page 45 ---
M-67740053-19 
45 
LGD gold bars must conform to the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA. A variety of smaller 
exact weight bars is available for sale to wholesale clients in addition to LGD gold bars, however for the 
purposes of the Programme all gold bars that form part of the Secured Property are intended to conform to 
the specifications for Good Delivery set by the LBMA.  
Further information, including The Good Delivery Rules, can be found on https://www.lbma.org.uk/good-
delivery/about-good-delivery.   
F. 
Storage 
Unallocated Accounts 
Unallocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients’ names on which are maintained balances of 
gold that represent an entitlement of the client to have equivalent amounts of gold delivered by the dealer. 
The balances do not represent uniquely identifiable bars of gold “allocated” to a specific client. Unallocated 
accounts represent the easiest and most popular way of trading, settling and holding bullion and are integral 
to the loco London mechanism for gold. 
The unit of these accounts in respect of gold is fine troy ounces of gold based upon a 995.0 fine LGD gold 
bar. The simplicity of this arrangement is reflected in the fact that transactions may be settled by credits or 
debits to the account while the balance represents the indebtedness between the two parties. Credit balances 
on the account do not entitle the creditor to specific bars of gold, but instead represent a right of the client to 
call for delivery of the relevant amount of gold. This right is purely contractual and, as such, the client is an 
unsecured creditor of the custodian and is exposed to the general credit risk of the custodian (as explained 
in more detail in Section 2 – Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Custodian, the Gold Agent and the Swap 
Counterparty). 
Should the client wish to receive actual gold, this is done by “allocating” specific bars, the gold content of 
which is then debited from the unallocated account. Such allocation will usually incur a cost to the client as 
allocated gold requires more management and administration than unallocated gold. Market convention is 
that gold may be allocated on a relevant Business Day on which it is called for, with gold generally available 
for collection (or delivery) within two Business Days. This time frame can be shortened or lengthened by 
mutual agreement depending upon amount and prevailing market conditions.  
For a description as to how unallocated accounts are used in the Programme, see Section 1 – Description 
of the Programme. 
Allocated Accounts  
Allocated accounts are accounts held by dealers in clients' names on which are maintained balances of 
uniquely identifiable bars of gold "allocated" to a specific client and segregated from other gold held in the 
vault of that dealer.  
The client has full title to this gold with the dealer holding it on the client's behalf as custodian. Gold in an 
allocated account does not form part of a gold dealer's assets. Clients' holdings will be identified in a weight 
list of bars showing the unique bar number, gross weight and the assay or fineness of each bar and its fine 
weight. Credits or debits to the holding will be effected by segregation of bars to or from the client's 
segregated holding. An allocated account cannot, by definition, be overdrawn.  
For a description as to how allocated accounts are used in the Programme. See Section 1 – Description of 
the Programme. 
G. 
The Fixing Price 
The London market provides a metal pricing service whereby the fixing price is intended to represent the 
matching of orders from customers throughout the world. Historically the Fixings in each of the Relevant

--- Page 46 ---
M-67740053-19 
46 
Markets took place by telephone every day on which members are open for dealing in London. Since 2014, 
a number of changes have been implemented to the Fixing Price for each type of Bullion to introduce new 
auction processes. 
Gold 
On 20 March 2015, ICE Benchmark Administration began administering the operation of an electronic, 
tradable and auditable, over-the-counter auction market with the ability to settle trades in US Dollars, Euros 
or Sterling for LBMA-authorised participating gold bullion banks or market makers. This auction establishes 
a reference gold price for that day's trading. This auction is the gold valuation replacement selected by the 
LBMA for the "London Gold Fix" previously determined by the London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. that was 
discontinued on 19 March 2015. The new auction process, like the previous gold fixing process, establishes 
and publishes fixed prices for fine troy ounces of gold twice each London trading day during fixing sessions 
beginning at 10.30a.m. and 3:00p.m. (together the LBMA Gold Price). 
Documentation  
London Precious Metals Clearing Limited (the LPMCL) published the standard form of Allocated Precious 
Metals Accounts Agreement and Unallocated Precious Metals Accounts Agreement (latest versions dated 7 
July 2008) setting out the standard terms on which custodians hold precious metals in allocated and 
unallocated accounts on behalf of clients. These LPMCL standard forms have superseded the earlier 
versions published by the LBMA.  
The LBMA has published a number of other standard documents and agreements which cover the terms 
and conditions for dealing in spot, forward, options and derivatives transactions in the OTC gold market. In 
all dealings in gold the Issuer will, to the extent possible, use the standard LPMCL and LBMA documentation, 
amended as required in connection with Gold Securities. 
H. 
Regulation 
As far as the London bullion market is concerned, regulation falls under two categories, the companies 
involved and the market itself. The PRA at the Bank of England (website: http://www.bankofengland.co.uk) 
is responsible for prudential banking regulation of most of the financial firms that are active in the bullion 
market. The PRA works closely with the FCA (website: http://www.fca.org.uk) which is responsible for 
consumer and competition issues. 
Under FSMA, all United Kingdom based banks, together with other investment firms, are subject to a range 
of requirements including capital adequacy, liquidity and systems and controls. Conduct of business in the 
London bullion market however falls under two jurisdictions dictated by the type of business. The FCA is 
responsible for "investment business" as defined under FSMA, which for the bullion market covers 
derivatives.  
The requirements upon firms in their dealings with market professionals include those required under MiFID2, 
which became effective on 1 January 2018. For spot, forwards and deposits in gold which are not covered 
by FSMA, guidelines for the conduct of business are set out in The London Code of Conduct for Non-
Investment Products (the London Code). This London Code has been drawn up by market practitioners 
representing the foreign exchange, money and bullion markets in conjunction with the Bank of England. It 
sets out the standards of conduct and professionalism expected between market practitioners and their 
clients.  
In June 2014, the UK HM Treasury announced a review in relation to the way in which wholesale financial 
markets operate. Following this review the FCA published a policy statement implementing the regulatory 
and supervisory regime for seven additional benchmarks in the fixed income, commodity and currency 
markets to be treated as "regulated benchmarks" in the UK. This included the LBMA Gold Price and became 
effective as of 1 April 2015. The consequence of this meant that administrators responsible for these 
benchmarks will need to be regulated and comply with the relevant FCA regulations. However, this did not

--- Page 47 ---
M-67740053-19 
47 
mean participants involved in auction rounds during the price setting process will be regulated by the FCA 
as they are not considered to be price submitters.

--- Page 48 ---
M-67740053-19 
48 
SECTION 5 – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND ASSOCIATED PROGRAMME PARTIES 
A. 
Information Contained in this Section  
No Programme Party aside from the Issuer has verified the accuracy of the information contained in this 
section. Prospective investors in Gold Securities should conduct their own due diligence on the Issuer.  
B. 
General Information about the Issuer  
The Issuer, Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company, was incorporated in Ireland on 13 February 2023 
as a public limited company under Irish law with registration number 734888. The Issuer has been 
incorporated for an indefinite period. The Issuer has, since the date of its incorporation, operated in 
conformity with its constitution. The principal legislation in respect of the governance of the Issuer is the Irish 
Companies Act 2014. The Issuer is a special purpose company which was established for the purpose of 
issuing asset-backed securities, and in respect of this Base Prospectus, Gold Securities backed by Gold, 
and entering into agreements relating to the Gold Securities and the Gold.  
The registered office of the Issuer is 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 
P767, Ireland. The telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 411 2949. 
The LEI code of the Issuer is 635400DNB9XXLCMIJL80. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
board of the Issuer passed on 2 February 2024.  
C. 
Shareholders and Share Capital  
The shares in the Issuer are all held by Apex TSI Limited, a company incorporated in Ireland, and the 
ownership in the shares is subject to an open trust.  
No other party to the Programme owns or controls the Issuer and the Issuer does not have any subsidiary 
undertakings.   
As at the Prospectus Date, the authorised share capital of the Issuer is €25,000 divided into 25,000 ordinary 
shares of €1 each, all of which are fully paid up and are held by Apex TSI Limited on trust for charitable 
purposes. 
D. 
Operations of the Issuer  
The Issuer has been incorporated on 13 February 2023. The end of the Issuer's financial year is 31 December 
and the annual audited accounts will be published each year by 30 April. Commencing from the date of this 
Base Prospectus, half-yearly unaudited accounts for periods ending 30 June will be published annually by 
the 30 September. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, only the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities are 
issued under this programme.  
The Issuer has no prior operating history or revenues upon which may be used to evaluate its likely 
performance and the performance of the Gold Securities.  
The Issuer has not been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Gold Securities will be 
assigned credit ratings. 
The business of the Issuer is limited to the performance of its obligations under any Gold Securities issued 
under the Programme, as detailed in clause 8.22.1(a) of the Master Trust Deed.

--- Page 49 ---
M-67740053-19 
49 
Other than the subscription monies received in respect of the issued share capital (to the extent not applied 
in discharge of certain establishment expenses of the Issuer), the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other 
than a small amount of profit received by the Issuer in connection with the issue of each Series of Gold 
Securities.  
The Gold Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and are not guaranteed in any way by any other party. 
E. 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer (as at the Prospectus Date) are described below:  
Maria Dawson (Non-Executive Director) 
Maria joined Apex Group’s transaction management team in 2022. Maria has over 15 years’ experience in 
the loan, debt capital & structured finance markets. Maria previously worked with BNP Paribas Securities 
Services in London focusing on providing corporate trust services across a range of asset types and more 
recently with TMF in Dublin managing a significant portfolio of structured finance transactions with particular 
focus on the CLO market. 
Rhys Owens (Non-Executive Director) 
Rhys is a Director and Head of Transaction Management for Capital Markets within the Apex Group 
Corporate Solutions business. Rhys has over 18 years of experience in the financial services industry, 
specialising in a broad array of multi-jurisdictional structured finance, equipment finance and loan agency 
transactions from a corporate services and trust & agency perspective. Rhys has a Bachelor’s degree in Law 
and French from the University of Bristol and is an Attorney-at-Law, admitted in New York. 
 F. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer has not been subject to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (or any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since the date of its incorporation, 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the issuer's financial position. 
G. 
Administrator  
The information set out in this section has been obtained from Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (the 
Administrator). Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
able to ascertain from information published by the Administrator, no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Administrator since the Prospectus Date, 
or that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The registered office of the Administrator is 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 
1, D01 P767, Ireland. 
The Issuer has appointed the Administrator, pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreement to carry 
out certain operational functions on behalf of the Issuer with respect, in particular, to the settlement process 
on a Subscription for, or Redemption of, Gold Securities, including the giving of instructions to the Custodian 
on behalf of the Issuer to transfer Gold into and out of a Secured Account in accordance with the terms of 
the Operating Procedures. 
The Administrator is part of the Apex Group, a global financial services provider established in Bermuda in 
2003. With over 80 offices in 40 countries worldwide and more than 10,000 employees, Apex Group delivers 
an expansive range of services to asset managers, financial institutions, private clients, and family offices. 
The Apex Group has continually improved and evolved its capabilities to offer a single-source solution 
through establishing the broadest range of services in the industry, including fund services, digital onboarding 
and bank accounts, depositary, custody, super manco services, corporate services including human

--- Page 50 ---
M-67740053-19 
50 
resources and payroll and a pioneering ESG ratings and advisory solution. Apex Group’s purpose is to be 
more than just a financial services provider and is committed to driving positive change to address three core 
areas; the environment and climate change, women’s empowerment and economic independence, 
education and social mobility. 
H.  
Corporate Services Provider 
Apex IFS Limited is the Corporate Services Provider (the Corporate Services Provider ) for the Issuer. Its 
duties include the provision of directorships and shareholder services, accounting and reporting, regulatory 
and tax compliance and certain transaction management services. The business address of the Corporate 
Services Provider is 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland.  
Apex IFS Limited also acts as the company secretary of the Issuer.  
Apex IFS Limited was incorporated on 18 February 1988 and is licensed by the Department of Justice as 
Trust or Company Services Provider.  
I. 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer has appointed Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited as the Calculation Agent, pursuant to the 
terms of the Administration Agreement, to carry out certain calculation functions in relation to the Gold 
Securities on behalf of the Issuer as more particularly set out in Condition 10.4. The registered office of the 
Calculation Agent is 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland. 
J. 
Zipa Management 
The information set out in this section has been obtained from Zipa Management Limited (Zipa 
Management). Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able 
to ascertain from information published by Zipa Management, no facts have been omitted that would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Zipa Management since the Prospectus Date, or 
that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The Issuer and Zipa Management have entered into a Management Agreement in relation to the Programme 
pursuant to which Zipa Management provides management support services to the Issuer in relation to the 
Programme.  
Zipa Management is a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated on 31 January 2023 and has 
applied to the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority (CIMA) to be regulated under the Securities Investment 
Business Law (SIBL). Its duties include the provision of certain management services, including 
arrangement, administration and marketing services. The registered office of Zipa Management is 89 Nexus 
Way, Camana Bay, KY1-9009, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. Zipa Management is 100% owned by Zipa 
Investments Limited. Zipa Management was established to provide the services under the Management 
Agreement. Zipa Management has no influence, control, voting rights or otherwise in relation to the Issuer. 
The only agreement between Zipa Management and the Issuer is the Management Agreement (which will 
be entered into between the Issuer and Zipa Management Limited on or before the Programme Effective 
Date) 
As stated in the section entitled Operations of the Issuer the Gold Securities are obligations of the Issuer 
alone and not of Zipa Management.  
K. 
Zipa Investments 
The information set out in this section has been obtained from Zipa Investments Limited (Zipa Investments). 
Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain 
from information published by Zipa Investments, no facts have been omitted that would render the

--- Page 51 ---
M-67740053-19 
51 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Zipa Investments since the Prospectus Date, or 
that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Zipa Investments is a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles on 25 January 
2023, with registered company number 236591 and having its registered office at Victoria Corporate Agents 
(Proprietary) Limited, Suite 108, Premier Building, Victoria, Mahe. Zipa Investments is 100% owned by 
Charles Benson and Gregory Broux.  
Zipa Investments was established to act as the ultimate holding company of Zipa Management. Other than 
acting as a holding company, Zipa Investments performs no other function or role in relation to Zipa 
Management and has no influence, control, voting rights or otherwise in relation to the Issuer..  
Zipa Investments (as the ultimate holding company of Zipa Management) is the originator and/or promoter 
of the Programme.  
As stated in the section entitled Operations of the Issuer the Gold Securities are obligations of the Issuer 
alone and not of Zipa Investments 
L. 
Custodian  
The information set out in this section has been obtained from HSBC Bank PLC (the Custodian). Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by the Custodian, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Custodian since the Prospectus Date or that the information 
contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
HSBC Bank plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc with its registered office at 8 Canada 
Square, London E14 5HQ and provides custody and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the 
Custodian Agreements. The Custodian is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK, but the custodial 
services provided by the Custodian and any sub-custodian under the Custodian Agreements are presently 
not a regulated activity subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA. The Custodian and any of its affiliates 
may from time to time purchase or sell Gold Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers 
and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion. The Custodian does not warrant the 
contents of this Prospectus, nor is it involved in the management, administration or net asset value calculation 
of the Gold Securities. HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by 
the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.  
M. 
Financial Information  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no financial statements have been produced on the basis that the 
Issuer was incorporated on 13 February 2023. 
The Issuer shall prepare its financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards. 
The Issuer will publish half-yearly financial statements for the period to 30 June and yearly financial 
statements to 31 December for each financial year.  
Commencing from the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer will publish its unaudited half-yearly financial 
statements by 30 September in each year. The Issuer will publish its audited yearly financial statements by 
30 April in each year.

--- Page 52 ---
M-67740053-19 
52 
The Issuer has not commenced operations since the date of incorporation or establishment and no financial 
statements have been drawn up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has not engaged and will 
not engage in any material activities other than those incidental to its incorporation under the Companies Act 
2014 (as amended), authorisation and issue of the Gold Securities, the matters referred to or contemplated 
in this document and the authorisation, execution, delivery and performance of the other documents referred 
to in this document to which it is a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
The auditor of the Issuer is Mazars with an address at 3, Harcourt Centre, 2 Harcourt Rd, Saint Kevin's, 
Dublin 2, D02 A339 , being a member of Chartered Accountants Ireland.  
The Issuer is a "public-interest entity the business of which is to act as issuer of asset-backed securities" (as 
such term is used in Directive 2006/43/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (the Accounts 
Directive). As noted in "Operations of the Issuer" above, the business of the Issuer consists of (i) the issue 
of Gold Securities and related activity relevant to its obligations towards making payments in respect of the 
Gold Securities. The Issuer is not therefore an operating business and, in accordance with Article 41.6(c) of 
the Accounts Directive, does not consider it appropriate to have either an audit committee or an 
administrative or supervisory body entrusted to carry out the functions of an audit committee. 
N. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Each of the Directors of the Issuer is an employee of the Corporate Services Provider. 
While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the Directors do not believe that, as at the 
Prospectus Date, there are any actual conflicts of interest between the duties which the directors and/or 
members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer owe to the Issuer, and the 
private interest and/or other duties that such persons may have. 
O. 
Material Contracts 
As at the Prospectus Date, the Issuer has not entered into any material contracts that are not in the ordinary 
course of the Issuer’s business.

--- Page 53 ---
M-67740053-19 
53 
SECTION 6 – DESCRIPTION OF PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS  
The following is a summary of the key provisions of the main Programme Documents:  
(a) 
the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Custody Agreements; 
(c) 
the Security Deeds; 
(d) 
each Authorised Participant Agreement; 
(e) 
the Gold Agent Agreement; 
(f) 
the Administration Agreement; 
(g) 
the Master Swap Agreement; 
(h) 
the Management Agreement; 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(j) 
the Account Bank Agreement.  
The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Programme documents and do not purport to be complete and 
are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Programme Documents. Each of these documents (with the 
exception of the Authorised Participant Agreements and the Account Bank Agreement) is available in printed form 
for inspection by Securityholders and potential investors at the Registered Office of the Issuer at 2nd Floor, Block 5, 
Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland, during normal business hours on any Business 
Day in Dublin. 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the documents impacts on 
Securityholders is contained throughout this Base Prospectus including in Section 1 – Description of the Programme.  
A. 
Trust Deed 
Each Series of Gold Securities will be constituted by a master trust deed dated on or about the Programme 
Effective Date between the Issuer and the Trustee, as trustee for the holders of the Gold Securities and the 
other persons specified therein (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, (the 
Master Trust Deed).  
The Master Trust Deed may from time to time be supplemented and/or amended by a supplemental trust 
deed relating to that Series and made between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended, 
supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, a Supplemental Trust Deed). The Master Trust 
Deed and any Supplemental Trust Deed in respect each Series of Gold Securities are referred to together 
as the Trust Deed. 
Each Trust Deed sets out the obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee in respect of the relevant Series.  
In respect of the Issuer, the Trust Deed sets out, amongst other things: 
(a) 
the Issuer's covenants to pay and to deliver;  
(b) 
provisions relating to the Issuer's duty to provide, prepare and display certain information; 
(c) 
the extent to which the Issuer may delegate its obligations;

--- Page 54 ---
M-67740053-19 
54 
(d) 
the Issuer's duties with respect to its obligations under the Gold Securities; and 
(e) 
the Issuer's capacity only to do such things as are contemplated in the Trust Deed.  
In respect of the Trustee, the Trust Deed sets out, amongst other things:  
(a) 
the basis for the Trustee's remuneration; 
(b) 
the indemnification of the Trustee in respect of its duties; 
(c) 
that the Trustee may delegate all or any of its functions in respect of the Gold Securities when it 
considers it expedient and in the interests of the Securityholders; 
(d) 
the conditions for the Trustee's appointment, removal and retirement; and 
(e) 
provisions supplemental to certain statutory provisions which set out the extent of the Trustee's 
powers and its duties. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee is not liable for any loss of, 
diminution in value or theft of the Gold Securities and/or the Gold. 
B. 
Custody Agreements 
The Issuer and the Custodian will enter into English law governed custody agreements relating to the 
Secured Allocated Accounts and the Secured Unallocated Accounts.  
In respect of one or more Series, the Secured Allocated Accounts will be established pursuant to the Secured 
Allocated Custody Agreement and the Secured Unallocated Accounts will be established pursuant to the 
Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement. The Issuer may enter into one Secured Allocated Custody 
Agreement and one Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement with a Custodian in respect of more than one 
Series.  
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement and the Secured Allocated Account 
The Secured Allocated Custody Agreements set out the duties of the Custodian in relation to the relevant 
Series, including (without limitation) the obligation to:  
(a) 
establish and maintain segregated accounts in the name of the Issuer referring to the relevant Series 
for the deposit of Gold in allocated form to be held for the Issuer and to facilitate certain deposits of 
Gold into, and withdrawals of Gold out of, such accounts in accordance with the terms of the 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement; 
(b) 
in relation to each Series for which the Custodian holds Gold in allocated form for the Issuer with a 
Sub-custodian, establish and maintain a segregated account with such Sub-custodian in the name 
of the Custodian for the deposit of Gold in allocated form; and 
(c) 
to segregate the Gold transferred to it or keep any Gold deposited pursuant to the relevant Secured 
Allocated Custody Agreement separately identified from that deposited with it in relation to any other 
Series of Gold Securities, 
each such account being part of the Secured Allocated Account. 
Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement and the Secured Unallocated Account 
The Secured Unallocated Custody Agreements set out the duties of the Custodian in relation to the relevant 
Series, including (without limitation) the obligation to establish and maintain an account in the name of the 
Issuer referencing the relevant Series for the deposit of Gold in unallocated form and to facilitate certain

--- Page 55 ---
M-67740053-19 
55 
deposits of Gold into, and withdrawals of Gold out of, such accounts in accordance with the terms of the 
Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement. 
Further information about the Custodian and the storage and insurance of the Gold is set out under the 
heading "Contract Structure" in Section 1– Description of the Programme. 
In respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, the Issuer and HSBC Bank PLC (as Custodian) have 
entered into: 
(a) 
the First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, pursuant to which HSBC Bank PLC will hold the 
Gold in Secured Allocated Accounts; and 
(b) 
the First Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement, pursuant to which HSBC Bank PLC will hold the 
Gold in Secured Unallocated Accounts. 
Pursuant to the terms of the First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, the Custodian is under no duty or 
obligation to provide insurance for the benefit of the Issuer in respect of the Gold held in the Secured 
Allocated Accounts. 
The terms of the First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement provide that the Custodian may appoint a Sub-
custodian. The Sub-custodians may themselves select sub-custodians to provide temporary custody and 
safekeeping services. The Custodian is required to use reasonable care in the appointment of any Sub-
custodian and, when appointing any Sub-custodian, is obliged to request that any such Sub-custodian 
segregates the Gold in respect of the relevant Series from Gold held in respect of any Series and from Gold 
the Sub-custodians owns or holds on behalf of other clients. 
In accordance with the terms of the First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, to the extent that any Gold 
held for the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer with a Sub-custodian, the Custodian shall not be liable for any 
loss suffered by the Issuer as a result of any act or omission or insolvency of any Sub-Custodian, except to 
the extent directly resulting from our fraud, negligence, or bad faith in the appointment of that Sub-custodian. 
The Issuer does not and will not be required to maintain any insurance policy or similar arrangement in the 
Gold held in the Secured Accounts. 
C. 
Security Deeds 
The Issuer and the Security Trustee will enter into the Irish Security Deed and the English Security Deed, in 
each case creating Security over all of the applicable Secured Property attributable to the Gold Securities for 
the benefit of the Security Trustee and the Securityholders and other Secured Parties. 
The Security Deeds will set out, among other things, provisions relating to the creation and enforcement of 
the Security, the appointment of receivers and the rights of the Security Trustee in relation to the Secured 
Property.  
The Security Deeds (by reference to the Trust Deed) also contains provisions relating to the Trustee's 
application of the net proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement). 
For further information, please see Section 9 – Security Arrangements and Condition 6 (Security). 
D. 
Authorised Participant Agreements  
As at the Programme Effective Date the Issuer has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with 
HSBC Bank PLC, a summary of the principal terms of which is set out below. 
As at the Programme Effective Date the Issuer has also entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement 
on similar terms with Jane Street Financial Limited.

--- Page 56 ---
M-67740053-19 
56 
The Issuer may enter into Authorised Participant Agreements (to be governed by Irish law) on similar terms 
with other new or existing Authorised Participants in relation to each Series of Gold Securities.  
The Authorised Participant Agreements sets out the terms on which each Authorised Participant will act as 
Authorised Participant in relation to a Series of Gold Securities.  
In particular, an Authorised Participant Agreement will specify the terms on which the relevant Authorised 
Participant may submit Subscription Forms and Redemption Forms and will also set out the terms on which 
an Authorised Participant may offer, sell or deliver Gold Securities and contains certain representations, 
warranties and undertakings of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto.  
Each Authorised Participant Agreement will also include indemnities from the relevant Authorised Participant 
relating to the representations and warranties given by it in such agreement. In particular, each Authorised 
Participant represents and warrants to the Company that:  
(a) in relation to each EEA State, it will be subject to the provisions detailed at paragraph D of Section 14 
(Selling Restrictions); 
(b) in relation to Ireland, it will be subject to the provisions detailed at paragraph E of Section 14 (Selling 
Restrictions); 
(c) in relation to the United Kingdom, it will be subject to the provisions detailed at paragraph F of Section 
14 (Selling Restrictions); 
(d) in relation to the United States of America, it will be subject to the provisions detailed at paragraph G of 
Section 14 (Selling Restrictions). 
Further restrictions on offers and sales of Gold Securities and on the distribution of this Prospectus are set 
out in in Section 14 (Selling Restrictions).  
The Approved Applicant Agreement may be terminated by any party thereto at any time upon ninety days’ 
prior written notice to the other parties.  
Only an Authorised Participant may submit a Subscription Form and the Issuer will only accept any such 
Subscription Form if it is made by an Authorised Participant and all conditions to Subscription are satisfied.  
E. 
Gold Agent Agreement 
The Issuer, the Security Trustee and a Gold Agent will enter into one or more English law governed Gold 
Agent Agreements in relation to the Gold Securities. As at the Prospectus Date, the Gold Agent in respect 
of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities is HSBC Bank PLC. 
Pursuant to the terms of a Gold Agent Agreement, the Gold Agent undertakes to carry out certain operational 
services on behalf of the Issuer with respect to the Gold. The Gold Agent will, on notice from the Issuer or, 
on enforcement of the Security, the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
In respect of any Gold Sale, to the extent such sale is concluded in connection with an Optional 
Redemption, a Compulsory Redemption or on the realisation of Security:  
(i) 
sell Gold on the Gold Sale Date in a timely fashion in order to give effect to a Redemption by 
way of Gold Sale; 
(ii) 
the Gold sold by the Gold Agent will be an amount of Gold forming part of the Secured Property 
equal to the Gold Entitlement in respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed;  
(iii) in selling the Gold, the Gold Agent is authorised under the Gold Agent Agreement to:

--- Page 57 ---
M-67740053-19 
57 
(A) take such steps as, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, it considers appropriate 
in order to effect an orderly sale of the Gold in a timely fashion (taking into account the 
circumstances at the time and the amount of Gold to be sold) and to effect such sale at 
any time or from time to time on the Gold Sale Date and may do so in one or more 
transactions; and 
(B) deduct from the actual sale proceeds (i) any Taxes arising from or connected with any 
such sale of Gold and (ii) any other amounts properly incurred by it in connection with any 
such sale, and it shall not be liable to account for anything except the actual proceeds of 
any such sale received by it after such deductions; and (iii) any Over-allocated Gold Cash 
Proceeds (which are for the account of the Custodian), 
(iv) the Gold Agent will then transfer the actual sale proceeds of such Gold Sale to: 
(A) in respect of any Gold Sale, to the extent such sale is concluded in connection with an 
Optional Redemption or a Compulsory Redemption, the Redemption Cash Account for 
remittance to the relevant Securityholder (less any applicable fees); or 
(B) in respect of any Gold Sale in connection with the realisation of Security, such bank 
account in the Relevant Currency in Ireland as the Security Trustee may direct (less any 
applicable fees). 
(b) 
Additionally, any accrued Gold representing the reduction in the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
due to the daily application of the Total Expense Ratio will be transferred from the relevant Secured 
Account to the Gold Agent in accordance with the relevant Custody Agreement and in certain 
circumstances will be sold, and its proceeds (less any applicable fees) paid to the order of the Issuer, 
in accordance with the Gold Agent Agreement. 
F. 
Administration Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into an Irish law governed Administration Agreement with the Administrator and the 
Calculation Agent on or about the Programme Effective Date relating to the provision of administration and 
calculation services in respect of the Programme and the Gold Securities. 
The Administration Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Administrator and the Calculation 
Agent in relation to the Gold Securities and the basis for their remuneration, liability and indemnification. It 
also sets out the standard of service expected of the Administrator and the Calculation Agent, the procedure 
for the remediation of any breaches and the compensation payable by the Administrator in and/or the 
Calculation Agent respect of such breaches. 
Services provided by the Administrator under the terms of the Administration Agreement include: 
(a) 
transaction processing services (including account opening, customer due diligence and the 
processing of Subscriptions); and 
(b) 
delivering Gold Swap Orders to the Swap Counterparty and instructions to the Custodian and the 
Account Bank, in accordance with the terms of the Master Swap Agreement, to facilitate the 
execution of a Gold Swaps. 
Services provided by the Calculation Agent under the terms of the Administration Agreement include: 
(a) 
publishing the Bar List on the Issuer's Website on each Business Day; 
(b) 
providing valuation and pricing information to the Relevant Stock Exchange as necessary; and

--- Page 58 ---
M-67740053-19 
58 
(c) 
the making of certain calculations and determinations in relation to the Gold Securities and the giving 
of such notices of the outcome thereunder as expressly required to be performed under the 
Programme including: 
(i) 
calculation of any amount, price, rate or value required to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent under the Programme (including calculation of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
and the reduction of the Gold Entitlement each day by the deduction of the Total Expense 
Ratio); 
(ii) 
determination of a Disruption Event in accordance with the terms of the Programme, without 
any obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(iii) notification of the end of a Suspension Period as required under the Programme. 
Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator and the Calculation Agent are required to provide 
their services with reasonable skill, care and diligence. 
Each of the Administrator and the Calculation Agent will be liable for any losses suffered by the Issuer to the 
extent arising from the negligence, wilful default, bad faith or fraud on its part or any of its officers, employees, 
agents or delegates. Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, the Issuer indemnifies the 
Administrator and the Calculation Agent against, and holds it harmless from all liabilities, damages, costs, 
claims, and expenses (including and without limitation reasonable and properly vouched legal expenses) 
incurred by the Administrator and the Calculation Agent in the performance of any of its obligations or duties 
under the Administration Agreement.  
Each of the Issuer, the Administrator and the Calculation Agent may terminate the Administration Agreement 
by giving at least 90 days' prior written notice.  
On the termination of the Administration Agreement for any reason, each of the Administrator and the 
Calculation Agent will cooperate with the Issuer and any replacement service provider, acting in good faith, 
and provide such reasonable assistance and information as may be necessary or appropriate in order to 
facilitate and implement an orderly transition of the administration and calculation services. 
G. 
Master Swap Agreement 
The Issuer, the Administrator, the Security Trustee and a Swap Counterparty will enter into one or more 
Master Swap Agreements in relation to the Gold Securities. As at the Prospectus Date, the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities is StoneX Financial Limited, a company 
incorporated and registered in England with registered company number 05616586 and whose registered 
office is at Moor House First Floor, 120 London Wall, London, England, EC2Y 5ET. StoneX Financial Limited 
provides clients with a full-service precious metals trading capability and global access to the related financial 
markets through offices in London, Singapore, Shanghai, and Dubai. StoneX Financial Limited specialise in 
serving bullion wholesalers and traders, refiners and smelters, government agencies, banks and financial 
institutions, jewellery manufacturers and other industrial users of precious metals. 
The Master Swap Agreement sets out the duties of the Swap Counterparty in relation to Gold Swaps, 
including (without limitation) the obligation to:  
(a) 
liaise with Refineries to purchase SMO Gold for the purposes of facilitating Gold Swaps;  
(b) 
purchase SMO Gold; and 
(c) 
effect Gold Swaps in accordance with the terms of the Master Swap Agreement and the Operating 
Procedures. 
H. 
Management Agreement

--- Page 59 ---
M-67740053-19 
59 
The Management Agreement to be entered into on or about the Programme Effective Date between the 
Issuer and Zipa Management sets out terms on which the Zipa Management undertakes to provide certain 
management services to the Issuer in connection with the Gold Securities.  
These services include:  
(a) 
such services as are required by the Issuer and requested of and accepted by Zipa Management 
from time to time in connection with the Programme; 
(b) 
in connection with the issue of the Gold Securities, advising on the structural features of such Gold 
Securities, including advising on the structure, drafting and content of any Programme Documents, 
related service agreements, and any other arrangements in connection with the operation and 
establishment of the Programme and the issue of Gold Securities under such Programme;  
(c) 
assisting the Issuer in determining when to issue a new Tranche and/or Series of Gold Securities; 
(d) 
liaising with and coordinating, as appropriate, with any Service Provider to the Issuer in respect of 
the issue of Gold Securities from time to time including but not limited to professional Service 
Providers such as lawyers and accountants; 
(e) 
recommending Programme Parties to the Issuer and arranging for such counterparties to enter into 
transactions with the Issuer including negotiation of the terms of such transactions (including but not 
limited to the Programme Documents);  
(f) 
assisting the Issuer in finalising each Final Terms prepared in connection with the issue of Gold 
Securities under the Programme including, but not limited to, liaising with Refineries to set the SMO 
Gold Premium range on the date of publication of each Final Terms; 
(g) 
 liaising with Refineries to set the SMO Gold Premium applicable to each issuance on the applicable 
Trade Date; 
(h) 
assisting the Issuer in applying for and attaining any requisite approvals, consents and 
authorisations required in relation to marketing, offering, selling and trading the Gold Securities, 
including assisting the Issuer in (i) applying for approval of the Base Prospectus from the Central 
Bank of Ireland pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (Prospectus Regulation), (ii) determining 
which jurisdictions within the EEA the Base Prospectus should be passported into and applying to 
passport the approval of the Central Bank of Ireland to competent authorities (within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129)) into those jurisdictions and (iii) applying for approval of the Base 
Prospectus from the FCA pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation as it applies in the UK pursuant to 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the UK, the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 of the UK, the Official Listing of Securities, Prospectus and Transparency 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 of the UK, and the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK, following IP Completion Day (as defined in the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 (together, UK Prospectus Regulation); 
(i) 
assisting the Issuer in applying for admission of the Gold Securities to trading on EEA regulated 
markets and the London Stock Exchange; 
(j) 
recommending and introducing Authorised Participants to the Issuer and assisting the Issuer in 
determining which Series or Tranche of Gold Securities such Authorised Participants will act and 
the ongoing management of its contractual relationships with such Authorised Participants; 
(k) 
investor communications and assisting the Issuer in the other marketing and offering of the Gold 
Securities and Programme to Authorised Participants including via the development of websites;

--- Page 60 ---
M-67740053-19 
60 
(l) 
arranging, on behalf of the Issuer, for the publication of each Final Terms and (where required) key 
information documents on the Issuer's Website; 
(m) 
assist in providing (where required) key information documents to the Securityholders of each 
Series; 
(n) 
on behalf of the Issuer, notify the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 7.3 (Redemption by 
Non-AP Securityholders) and the Trustee immediately upon being made aware there being no 
Authorised Participant in respect of the Gold Securities; 
(o) 
assisting the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) in facilitating, arranging or procuring 
the entry into Gold Swaps following the issuance of Gold Securities, including sourcing SMO Gold 
and Swap Counterparties, effecting Gold Swaps and communicating with Refineries to determine 
the SMO Gold Premium for each Gold Swap and the Swap Counterparty to confirm the specifics of 
each Gold Swap Order; 
(p) 
assisting the Issuer with the appraisal of all Programme Expenses and liaising with third party 
payees in respect of disputed Programme Expenses;  
(q) 
procuring a licence for the Issuer in respect of the patented SMO name and logo in the name and 
marketing of the Programme; and 
(r) 
carrying out on behalf of the Issuer as its delegate any of the Issuer's duties under or in connection 
with any Gold Securities or any Programme Document and the exercise on behalf of the Issuer of 
all discretions or decisions which the Issuer is required or entitled to take under or in connection 
therewith other than the Issuer Reserved Matters. 
The Issuer acknowledges that Zipa Management is not authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland in 
connection with its provision of the services pursuant to the Management Agreement and the Issuer will not 
require Zipa Management to provide, and Zipa Management shall not provide or agree to provide to the 
Issuer, any services which would require it to be so authorised unless and until such authorisation has been 
obtained.  
On the termination of the Management Agreement for any reason, Zipa Management will cooperate with the 
Issuer and any replacement service provider, acting in good faith, and provide such reasonable assistance 
and information as may be necessary or appropriate in order to facilitate and implement an orderly transition 
of the services provided for in the Management Agreement. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has the necessary licence in respect of the patented SMO 
name and logo in the name and marketing of the Programme. 
I. 
Agency Agreement 
The Agency Agreement to be entered into on or about the Programme Effective Date between, amongst 
others, the Issuer, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent sets out terms on which the Issuing Agent and 
the Paying Agent are appointed for the Programme and the duties and obligations of the Issuing Agent and 
the Paying Agent. 
These duties include: (i) acting as the paying agent of the Issuer with respect to such payments on 
Redemption or any other payments in respect of the Gold Securities notified to the Issuer; (ii) maintaining 
independent records of securities; (iii) communicating information to the relevant International Central 
Securities Depositary; (iv) issuing and authenticating new securities for transfer of securities as a result of a 
subscription; and (v) maintaining ownership record for registered notes.

--- Page 61 ---
M-67740053-19 
61 
The Agency Agreement provides that payment in respect of the Gold Securities will be made through the 
relevant International Central Securities Depositary in accordance with the standard practices of the 
applicable International Central Securities Depositary. 
The Issuer shall provide the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent with all information in relation to the Gold 
Securities that is required for each of the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent to perform its duties, including 
providing payment instructions. 
The Agency Agreement can be terminated by any party upon not less than 60 days' written notice. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, has been appointed as 
the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent. 
J. 
Account Bank Agreement 
Under and in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank Agreement to be entered into on or about the 
Programme Effective Date, the Account Bank will maintain accounts for the Issuer for the purpose of: 
(a) 
receiving SMO Gold Premium on the issuance of Gold Securities; and 
(b) 
receiving proceeds from a Gold Sale in the event of an Optional Redemption or Compulsory 
Redemption by way of Gold Sale. 
Such accounts constitute Secured Property under the Security Deeds. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, HSBC Continental Europe has been appointed as Account Bank.  
HSBC Continental Europe has a registered branch in Ireland (registration number 908966) having its 
registered office at 1 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, D02 P820 and is regulated and 
supervised by the Central Bank of Ireland as a depositary for Irish authorised investment funds and otherwise 
regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland for conduct of business rules. HSBC Continental Europe is a 
company incorporated under the laws of France as a société anonyme (registered number 775 670 284 RCS 
Paris), having its registered office at 38 Avenue Kléber, 75116 Paris, France. HSBC Continental Europe is 
supervised by the European Central Bank, as part of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, the French 
Prudential Supervisory and Resolution Authority (l’Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution) as the 
French National Competent Authority and the French Financial Markets Authority (l’Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers) for the activities carried out over financial instruments or in financial markets.

--- Page 62 ---
M-67740053-19 
62 
SECTION 7 – USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Gold Securities will be an amount of Gold which will be held in 
the Secured Accounts in respect of such Series. Such Gold shall be used to meet the Issuer’s obligations under 
such Series of Gold Securities.

--- Page 63 ---
M-67740053-19 
63 
SECTION 8 – DETERMINING THE VALUE OF AN INVESTMENT IN GOLD SECURITIES  
A. 
Rights of Securityholders  
Each Gold Security benefits from equal rights and payment and equal security, without any preference 
amongst themselves. 
Each Gold Security has a face value known as the "Principal Amount". A Securityholder may elect to receive 
an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount instead of the amount otherwise specified on a Redemption, 
as detailed in Condition 4 (Constitution and Status). The Principal Amount in respect of a Series of Gold 
Securities will be set out in the Final Terms. For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the Principal 
Amount of each Gold Security of a Series shall be regarded as the minimum Denomination of such Gold 
Security.  
B. 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Series has a separate Gold Entitlement per Gold Security. The Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) 
will calculate the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of each calendar day. On an Issue Date, the 
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of the relevant Tranche of Gold Securities will be the amount 
of Gold specified in the Final Terms of the first Tranche of Gold Securities for such Series of Gold Securities. 
The issue price is the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security and will be determined before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of the first Tranche of Gold Securities of each Series based on the prevailing market conditions. 
Each Gold Security carries a right on Redemption to receipt of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security.  
The value of a Securityholder's investment is equivalent to the amount in fine troy ounces of Gold that they 
would receive upon a Redemption (i.e. the applicable Gold Entitlement). This is calculated by multiplying the 
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security by the number of Gold Securities to be redeemed (less applicable fees). 
C. 
Calculation of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
The Gold Entitlement per Gold Security on a calendar day is calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
GEi,t = GEi,t-1 x (1– TERt) 1/N  
GEi,t 
means the Gold Entitlement for a Gold Security in respect of the relevant calendar day; 
GEi,t–1 
means the Gold Entitlement for a Gold Security in respect of the immediately preceding 
calendar day; 
i 
means the relevant series of Gold Security; 
t 
means the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day); 
TERt 
means the Total Expense Ratio as of the relevant calendar day, expressed as a decimal; 
and 
N 
means 365 (or 366 when the relevant calendar is in a leap year). 
The resultant figure is calculated to nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 fine troy ounces rounded 
upwards, and subject to a floor of zero. During the term of a Series of Gold Securities, the Issuer will publish 
on the Issuer's Website the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security on each calendar day up to and including the 
relevant Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of all Outstanding Gold Securities of such Series. 
D.  
Deduction of the Total Expense Ratio

--- Page 64 ---
M-67740053-19 
64 
The Gold Entitlement per Gold Security is reduced each day from the first day of listing and trading On-
Exchange by the Total Expense Ratio in respect of the relevant Series .  
The Total Expense Ratio or TER in respect of each Series is an "all-in" operational fee calculated at the 
rate per annum specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of each Series of Gold Securities. The Total 
Expense Ratio in respect of a Series is applied to the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security for such Series on 
a daily basis to determine a daily deduction of an amount of Gold from such Gold Entitlement per Gold 
Security. The initial Total Expense Ratio for each Series shall be set out in the Final Terms of the first Tranche 
of Gold Securities for that Series. 
The Total Expense Ratio in respect of a Series is applied to the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security for such 
Series on a daily basis to determine a daily deduction of an amount of Gold from such Gold Entitlement per 
Gold Security. 
The Total Expense Ratio in respect of each month is calculated as the reduction of the Gold Entitlement per 
Gold Security applied to the Outstanding Gold Securities on each day during that month. This Gold is 
aggregated and withdrawn from the Secured Accounts to the Gold Agent in accordance with the relevant 
Custody Agreement and will be sold, and its proceeds paid to the order of the Issuer in accordance with the 
Gold Agent Agreement. The proceeds will be used to satisfy certain applicable fees related to the 
Programme, including the Management Fee due to Zipa Management under the Management Agreement. 
The rate of the Total Expense Ratio in respect of any series of Individual Security may be varied by the Issuer 
from time to time. If the Total Expense Ratio is amended, such amendment will be notified through a RIS, 
and in the case of an increase will not take effect for at least 30 days following the publication of such 
notification in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
For more information as to how the Total Expense Ratio is applied, please refer to Condition 5 (Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security). 
E. 
Cash value of Gold Securities 
As set out above, the Gold Securities are issued and redeemed by the Issuer at the prevailing Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security. However, it is also possible to calculate what the cash value of the Gold 
Securities was in US dollars on a given day. This is calculated by (i) taking the spot price for gold on that day 
and (ii) multiplying that spot price by the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security. This converts the Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security into a price in US dollars. 
For example, if on day X, the spot price of gold was USD 1,800/oz and the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
to gold was 0.009960940 fine troy ounces, then the cash value per Gold Security is calculated as follows:  
USD 1,800 x 0.009960940 = USD 17.93. 
To calculate the cash value of a Gold Security in another currency, the USD cash value per Gold Security is 
divided by the relevant exchange rate. For example, if the USD cash value per Gold Security is USD 17.93 
and the GBP/USD exchange rate is 1.30, then the GBP value per Gold Security will be £13.7923 
Although the Gold Securities do not have a formal price benchmark, because they are backed by physical 
LBMA Gold Delivery Bars the value of Gold Securities on exchange should track the LBMA gold price. 
Section 4(G) describes that the widely accepted benchmark for physical gold is the London Gold Fix which 
is published twice a day at 10.30am and 3.00pm. The Administrator may use the 3.00pm London Gold Fix 
to value the gold in the Issuer’s financial accounts which is freely available at: https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-
and-data/precious-metal-prices#/table. Current and historical gold pricing information, including daily prices, 
can be obtained from the LBMA website at www.lbma.org.uk/. 
F. 
Interest

--- Page 65 ---
M-67740053-19 
65 
The Gold Securities do not pay a regular coupon but are entitled to a return equal to the positive difference 
(if any) between the Principal Amount of the Gold Security and the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security on 
redemption.  
G. 
Redemption Fee 
With the exception of an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder (in which case 
the Non-AP Securityholder must pay the Redemption Fee prior to the Trade Date in accordance with 
Condition 7.4 (Redemption Forms)), it is a condition that the Issuer, in performance of its obligation to 
Redeem Gold Securities, may deduct the Redemption Fee from the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds or 
other amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption. The calculation of the Redemption Fee is dependent 
on the type of Securityholder that is redeeming and/or the type of Redemption.  
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant, 
the Redemption Fee will be the amount specified in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
On a Compulsory Redemption for Cause in accordance with Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for 
Cause), the Redemption Fee payable by the Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer 
incurred in respect of the Compulsory Redemption. The Redemption Fee will be notified to the relevant 
Securityholder(s) at the time of the Compulsory Redemption, and shall not be greater than 2% of the gold 
value or such other amount as may be notified in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Redemption Fee payable 
by the Non-AP Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the Issuer's costs of complying with the 
Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the Redemption, and 
will not be greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed. 
Subject to the below in respect of a Gold Sale, any such Redemption Fee shall be payable in cash and shall 
not be capable of being set-off against any amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption. 
On a Gold Sale, the Issuer may set-off the amount of the Redemption Fee payable under Condition 7.5 
(Redemption Fee) against the pro-rata share of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or other amount due to 
the Securityholder on Redemption. If Issuer fails to do so, the Securityholder shall pay the Redemption Fee 
in cash in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee).  
H. 
Gold Agent Deductions  
On a Gold Sale, the Gold Agent is permitted to deduct the following from the Actual Redemption Sale 
Proceeds:  
(a) 
taxes arising from or in connection with the sale of the Gold;  
(b) 
any other amounts properly incurred by it in connection with such sale; and 
(c) 
the Over-allocated Gold Cash Proceeds (if any), 
(and in accordance with the terms of the Gold Agent Agreement will not be liable to account for anything 
except the actual proceeds of any such sale received by it after such deduction). 
I. 
How are the value of Gold Security affected by a change in the value of the underlying Gold 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in Gold 
Securities under normal market conditions. These examples are not indicators of the actual future 
performance of the Gold Securities and are for illustration purposes only.  
Starting position

--- Page 66 ---
M-67740053-19 
66 
Investor X invests in one Gold Security for one full calendar year  
1 Gold Security is bought from a broker at a hypothetical price of $18 per security; 
The spot price of the physical gold when bought is $1,800 per troy fine ounces; 
The Entitlement per Gold Security when the Gold Security is purchased is 0.01 fine troy ounces; 
The Total Expense Ratio is 0.29%; 
The Entitlement per Gold Security after one full calendar year is 0.00971 fine troy ounces; 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for the sale 
and purchase of the Gold Securities and the custody fees of the investor’s bank are excluded; 
The selling price of a Gold Security exactly matches the spot price of the underlying quantity of gold. 
The spot price of physical gold is the London Gold Fix as described in the section “Cash value of Gold 
Securities”  
The cash value of a Gold Security can be calculated by reference to the section “Cash value of Gold 
Securities” 
Scenario 1: The price of physical gold increases by 10% 
The price of physical gold increases by 10% to $1,980; 
The price of one Gold Security prior to fees being charged would be $19.80; 
The amount of fees charged during this time period would be 0.000029 fine troy ounces of gold per Gold 
Security (equivalent to $0.05742 at the selling price of the Gold Securities); 
The price of one Gold Security has increased to $19.74 after fees have been charged; 
The investor sells the Gold Security and has gained $1.74258 from his/her initial investment of $18.00 a year 
ago after all fees have been charged. 
Scenario 2: The price of physical gold decreases by 10% 
The price of physical gold decreases by 10% to $1,620; 
The price of one Gold Security prior to fees being charged would be $16.20 
The amount of fees charged during this time period would be 0.000029 fine troy ounces of gold per Gold 
Security (equivalent to $0.04698 at the selling price of the Gold Securities); 
The price of one Gold Security has decreased to $16.15; 
The investor sells the Gold Security and has lost $1.84698 from his/her initial investment of $18.00 a year 
ago after all fees have been charged. 
Scenario 3: The price of physical gold remains the same 
The price of physical gold remains the same one year later; 
The price of one Gold Security prior to fees being charged would be $18.00

--- Page 67 ---
M-67740053-19 
67 
The amount of fees charged during this time period would be 0.000029 fine troy ounces of gold per Gold 
Security (equivalent to $0.0522  at the selling price of the Gold Securities); 
The price of one Gold Security has decreased to $17.95; 
The investor sells the Gold Security and has lost $0.0522 from his/her initial investment of $18.00 a year 
ago.  
Interest 
The Gold Securities do not bear interest.  
Worked example in respect of Total Expense Ratio 
The TER is 0.29% p.a. 
1 Gold Security is bought from a broker at a price of $18 per security; 
$18 x 0.0029 = $0.0522 on an annualised basis

--- Page 68 ---
M-67740053-19 
68 
SECTION 9 – SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS  
Qualifications  
The following description of the security arrangements relating to the Programme consists of a summary of certain 
provisions of the Security Deeds and Security Documents relating to the Gold Securities, and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of those agreements.  
The following summary does not purport to be complete, and prospective investors in Gold Securities must refer to 
the Security Deeds and the Security Documents and the detailed information contained in such documents. 
Security 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of a Series of Gold Securities are secured by the Security created by the Security 
Deeds. The Security created by the Security Deeds in respect of the Gold Securities is granted to the Security 
Trustee as continuing security for the payment of the relevant Secured Liabilities (as such term is described in the 
Security Deeds). 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the obligations of the Issuer relating to each Series of Gold Securities shall be 
secured in favour of the Security Trustee acting for and on behalf of the Securityholders and the other Secured 
Parties, by: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit present and future in, 
to and under an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit present 
and future in, to and under (i) the Programme Documents (excluding the Corporate Services Agreement, 
the Custody Agreements, the Gold Agent Agreement and the SMO Contract), insofar as such rights, title 
and interest relate to the Gold Securities and the underlying gold including in respect of the Custody 
Accounts in which the gold is held, and all Related Rights and (ii) the Issuer Redemption Cash Account and 
all Related Rights (such assignment being the Irish Security Assignment);  
(b) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to the Irish Security Assignment) a first fixed 
charge for the benefit of the Secured Parties all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in 
and to (i) the Programme Documents (excluding the Corporate Services Agreement, the Custody 
Agreements, the Gold Agent Agreement and the SMO Contract), insofar as such rights, title and interest 
relate to the Gold Securities and the underlying gold including in respect of the Custody Accounts in which 
the gold is held, and all Related Rights and (ii) the Issuer Redemption Cash Account and all Related Rights, 
such charge to take effect by way of first fixed security (the Irish Fixed Charge); and 
(c) 
a first floating charge to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties all of the Issuer's rights, 
title and interest, present and future, in and to the Issuer Premium Account, such charge to take effect by 
way of first floating security; 
(d) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to the Irish Security Assignment or charged by 
way of the English Fixed Charge) first floating charge to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to (i) the Programme Documents 
(excluding the Corporate Services Agreement, the Custody Agreements, the Gold Agent Agreement and 
the SMO Contract), insofar as such rights, title and interest relate to the Gold Securities and the underlying 
gold including in respect of the Custody Accounts in which the gold is held, and all Related Rights, (ii) the 
Issuer Redemption Cash Account and all Related Rights and (iii) the Issuer Premium Account, such charge 
to take effect by way of first floating security. 
Pursuant to the English Security Deed, the obligations of the Issuer relating to each Series of Gold Securities shall 
be secured in favour of the Security Trustee acting for and on behalf of the Securityholders and the other Secured 
Parties, by:

--- Page 69 ---
M-67740053-19 
69 
(a) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit present and future in, 
to and under the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, the Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement, the 
Gold Agent Agreement, and the SMO Contract, insofar as such rights, title and interest relate to the Gold 
Securities and the underlying gold including in respect of the Custody Accounts in which the gold is held, 
and all Related Rights (such assignment being the English Security Assignment);  
(b) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to the English Security Assignment) a first fixed 
charge for the benefit of the Secured Parties all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in 
and to the Secured Allocated Custody Agreement, the Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement, the Gold 
Agent Agreement, and the SMO Contract, such charge to take effect by way of first fixed security (the Fixed 
Charge); and 
(c) 
(to the extent not validly and effectively assigned pursuant to the English Security Assignment or charged 
by way of the English Fixed Charge) first floating charge to the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties all the Issuer's rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the Programme Documents, 
the Secured Accounts and the Issuer Redemption Cash Account, such charge to take effect by way of first 
floating security. 
Enforcement of Security  
The Security constituted by a Security Deeds shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
(such events being set out in Condition 8.3 (Events of Default)).  
At any time after the Security constituted by a Security Document has become enforceable, the Security Trustee 
shall, if so directed by the Trustee following the occurrence of at least one of the following events: 
(a) 
a direction in writing to the Trustee by the holders of at least one-fifth in number of the Gold Securities of the 
relevant Series; or  
(b) 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders of the relevant Series; 
(in each such case subject to it having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified (without prejudice 
to any further demand) to its satisfaction against all liabilities which may be incurred in connection with acting 
on such directions); 
enforce the Security constituted by such Security Document.  
To enforce the Security, the Security Trustee may, at its absolute discretion: 
(a) 
enforce any relevant Programme Document relating to the Gold Securities of such Series in accordance with 
its or their terms; and/or 
(b) 
take action against the Issuer; and/or  
(c) 
take possession of and/or realise all or part of the Secured Property; and/or 
(d) 
sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of such Secured Property 
in such manner, at such time and on such terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the 
consequence of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Security Trustee shall not be bound to exercise any discretion to take any action, step 
or proceeding and shall not be held liable for the consequences of (i) exercising its discretion to take any action, 
step or institute any proceeding or (ii) not exercising its discretion to take any action, step or institute any proceeding, 
as the case may be.

--- Page 70 ---
M-67740053-19 
70 
When exercising its right in this regard, the Security Trustee will have regard to the interests of the relevant 
Securityholders as a whole and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Securityholders, which may have an adverse impact on certain Securityholders more than others. 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received or recovered from such enforcement 
action of the Security Trustee and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the 
Security constituted by the relevant Security Documents in the applicable order of priority set out in Condition 6.3 
(Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) (as replicated below). 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets 
that are the subject of the Security constituted by the Security Documents in accordance with the priority waterfall 
set out in Condition 6.3 (Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), in accordance with which all monies 
received or recovered by the Trustee under the applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation 
of the assets by the Security Trustee that are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security 
Documents, in each case in relation to the Gold Securities of the relevant Series, will be applied as follows:  
(a) 
first, in repayment to the Custodian of the loan made by it of the Over-allocated Gold, by payment to the 
Custodian of the Over-allocated Gold Proceeds (either by way of delivery of Gold or payment of cash); 
(b) 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Gold Securities to the Trustee, the Security Trustee or any 
receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed or the Security Documents (which shall include, 
without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee (other than any 
income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), 
the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted by the Security Documents and 
the Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of 
the Security constituted by the Security Documents); 
(c) 
third, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, expenses or other amounts due pursuant to the Programme 
Documents (including payment of any amounts owing for reimbursement in respect of any proper payment 
of amounts paid to Securityholders and default interest (if any) made to the Securityholders); 
(d) 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to Zipa Management pursuant to the Management Agreement; 
(e) 
fifth, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably; and 
(f) 
sixth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself.

--- Page 71 ---
M-67740053-19 
71 
SECTION 10 – WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE FINAL TERMS?  
In this section the expression "necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Gold Securities of any 
Series, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Gold Securities.  
In relation to any Gold Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include 
in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to such Gold Securities which 
is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue 
of a Tranche of Gold Securities. 
Any information relating to any Gold Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus, and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Gold Securities will be contained in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In respect of each Tranche of Gold Securities, the related Final Terms must, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Gold Securities are the Conditions, as completed by the related Final Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
M-67740053-19 
72 
SECTION 11 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF GOLD SECURITIES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the Final Terms of a particular Series or Tranche of Gold Securities, will be applicable to the Gold Securities of such 
Series or Tranche and which will be attached to or endorsed, in the case of Registered Securities and Bearer 
Securities exchanged in accordance with these terms and conditions, the Definitive Certificates relating to such 
Registered Securities or Bearer Securities (as applicable).  
These terms and conditions apply separately to each Series or Tranche and, accordingly, references in these terms 
and conditions to “Gold Securities” are to the Gold Securities of the relevant Series or Tranche only and references 
to any defined term that applies in respect of each Series or Tranche is to such defined term as it relates to such 
relevant Series or Tranche (unless specified otherwise or unless the context otherwise requires). 
The Gold Securities are issued under the physical gold securities programme of the Issuer (the Programme). In 
respect of a Series of Gold Securities, the Gold Securities of such Series will be constituted by (i) a master trust 
deed dated on or about the date hereof and made between, amongst others, Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited 
as trustee for the holders of the Gold Securities and the other persons specified therein (the Trustee, which 
expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) and as security 
trustee (the Security Trustee, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the security trustee or 
security trustees under the Trust Deed) and the Issuer (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from 
time to time, the Master Trust Deed); and (ii) any supplemental trust deed in respect of such Series of Gold 
Securities which shall be dated the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Gold Securities of such Series and made 
between, among others, the Issuer and the Trustee (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time 
to time, a Supplemental Trust Deed). The Master Trust Deed and any Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each 
Series of Gold Securities are referred to together as the Trust Deed. These terms and conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.  
The obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Gold Securities are secured by way of the Security Documents 
in respect of that Series of Gold Securities over the Secured Property that relates to that Series of Gold Securities 
between, among others, the Issuer and the Security Trustee. 
Copies of the Master Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed, each Security Deed, each Custody Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement and the Gold Agent Agreement are available for inspection during business hours by prior 
appointment at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The Securityholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, each 
Custody Agreement, each Security Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Gold Agent Agreement and each of the 
other Programme Documents which are applicable to them and to have notice of each set of Final Terms issued in 
respect of a Series or Tranche of Gold Securities held by such Securityholders. 
The terms and conditions of a Series of Gold Securities will be the terms and conditions as set out below and as 
completed by the Final Terms applicable thereto. Such Final Terms may specify other terms and conditions which 
will, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these terms and conditions, replace and/or modify 
these terms and conditions for the purposes of that Series of Gold Securities. References herein to the Conditions 
of the Gold Securities are to these terms and conditions as so replaced and/or modified by the Final Terms applicable 
to that Series of Gold Securities. 
1 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
Account Bank means HSBC Continental Europe, and any Eligible Account Bank that has entered into an 
Account Bank Agreement with the Issuer;

--- Page 73 ---
M-67740053-19 
73 
Account Bank Agreement means an agreement dated the date hereof between the Account Bank and the 
Issuer governing the operation of the Issuer Redemption Cash Account, the Issuer Premium Account and 
the Issuer Expenses Cash Account; 
Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds means with respect to a Gold Sale, an amount in the Relevant Currency 
equal to the total sale proceeds received for the Gold sold in connection with a Gold Sale; 
Administration Agreement means the administration agreement dated on or about the date hereof 
between, amongst others, the Issuer and the Administrator as may be amended, supplemented, novated or 
replaced from time to time;  
Administrator means Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited and any successor or replacement thereto or 
any other entity appointed as administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement; 
Agency Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Issuer that provides for the appointment of 
any person as Issuing Agent, Paying Agent, Registrar and/or Transfer Agent; 
Agent Redemption Event Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.1 (Compulsory Redemption 
Events); 
Agents means any Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Administrator, any Issuing Agent, any Paying Agent, 
any Gold Agent, any Calculation Agent, any Swap Counterparty, any Account Bank or any of them and such 
other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the Gold Securities under any 
Administration Agreement, any Agency Agreement, any Master Swap Agreement, any Account Bank 
Agreement or any Calculation Agency Agreement, or any other agreement with the Issuer under which an 
agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the Gold Securities, as applicable, and any successor or 
replacement and Agent means any of them; 
Authorised Participant means certain regulated trading firms, banks or other market professionals 
approved by the Issuer (in its sole discretion) that meet certain minimum qualifying criteria and that is party 
to an Authorised Participant Agreement. A list of the Authorised Participants can be found on the Issuer’s 
website;  
Authorised Participant Agreement means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as may be amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant; 
Bearer Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Business Day means, in respect of any Gold Securities, a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public 
holiday) on which commercial banks are open to settle payments in Dublin and London, on which the London 
Precious Metals Markets relevant to Gold are open for business and on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
Calculation Agency Agreement means the administration agreement entered into by, amongst others, the 
Issuer and Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from 
time to time) or any successor or replacement agreement between the Issuer and a Calculation Agent in 
relation to the provision of calculation agency services;  
Calculation Agent means, in respect of a Series, any entity appointed as calculation agent in accordance 
with the terms of a Calculation Agency Agreement and, as at the date hereof, means Apex Fund Services 
(Ireland) Limited in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities; 
Calculation Agent Breach has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.6.2 (Calculation Agent); 
Certificated or Certificated Form means not in uncertificated form;

--- Page 74 ---
M-67740053-19 
74 
CGN means a Global Security in classic global note form;  
Clearing System Business Day means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for the 
purpose of effecting settlement of Gold Securities; 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any successor thereto; 
Common Depositary means, in relation to a Series of Gold Securities issued in CGN form, the common 
depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, appointed in respect of such Series; 
Common Safekeeper means, in relation to a Series of Gold Securities issued in NGN form or in the new 
safekeeping structure, the common safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, appointed in respect of such 
Series; 
Compulsory Daily Sale Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a Series of Gold 
Securities, the number of Outstanding Gold Securities of that Series, which, in relation to each Business Day 
on which Gold Securities of that Series are required to be Redeemed by Gold Sale in accordance with 
Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption Process) with the sale of Gold taking place on that day, shall be; 
(a) 
if the Compulsory Sale Number is not more than the Redemption Limit (in each case of the relevant 
Series), the Compulsory Sale Number; 
(b) 
otherwise, the amount shall be the Redemption Limit on the first and each successive Business Day 
thereafter except on the last such Business Day when the amount shall be the Compulsory Sale 
Number minus the sum of the Compulsory Daily Sale Number for each preceding Compulsory Gold 
Sale Date for that Series in relation to the Compulsory Redemption; 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date means in respect of any Gold Securities and a Compulsory Redemption, the 
First Compulsory Gold Sale Date and each required successive Business Day on which the Compulsory 
Daily Sale Number is a number greater than zero; 
Compulsory Redemption means a Redemption of Gold Securities in accordance with Condition 8 
(Compulsory Redemption); 
Compulsory Redemption Date means the date designated as such in accordance with Condition 8.1 
(Issuer Call Redemption Event), Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events), Condition 8.3 (Events of 
Default) or Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause) (as the case may be); 
Compulsory Redemption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption 
Events); 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.6 (Compulsory 
Redemption Settlement Date); 
Compulsory Sale Number means in respect of a Compulsory Redemption and a Series of Gold Securities, 
where such Compulsory Redemption Date is designated in accordance with: 
(a) 
Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption Event), the total number of Gold Securities of that Series 
Outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding the Compulsory Redemption 
Date or such other number of such Gold Securities as may be called for Redemption in the Issuer 
Call Redemption Notice; 
(b) 
Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events) or Condition 8.3 (Events of Default), the total 
number of Gold Securities of that Series Outstanding as at the end of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the Compulsory Redemption Date;

--- Page 75 ---
M-67740053-19 
75 
(c) 
Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the total number of Gold Securities of that 
Series held by the Securityholder where the Issuer notifies the Securityholder that Gold Securities 
of such Series are to be subject to Compulsory Redemption;  
Conditions means these terms and conditions as may be replaced and/or modified by the Final Terms 
applicable to that Series of Gold Securities; 
Corporate Services Agreement means the corporate services agreement dated 1 June 2023 between the 
Corporate Services Provider and the Issuer; 
Corporate Services Provider means Apex IFS Limited; 
Custodian means, with respect to the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, HSBC Bank PLC and any 
successor thereto, and, with respect to any other Series of Gold Securities, such party as is appointed 
custodian with respect to such Series in accordance with the terms of a Custody Agreement and any 
successor or replacement thereto; 
Custody Agreements means (a) with respect to the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, the First Secured 
Allocated Custody Agreement and the First Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement (b) with respect to any 
other Series of Gold Securities, means such agreements providing for the custody of Gold relating to such 
Series of Gold Securities entered into by the Issuer and a Custodian; 
Custody Redemption Event Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.3 (Compulsory Redemption 
Events); 
Default Redemption Event Notice has the meaning given in Condition 8.3 (Events of Default); 
Definitive Certificate means, in respect of Registered Securities and Bearer Securities exchanged on or 
after an Exchange Date in the circumstances set out in the relevant Global Registered Certificate or Global 
Bearer Security (as applicable), a definitive certificate in registered form representing such Registered 
Securities or Bearer Securities (as applicable); 
Definitive Registered Security means a Registered Security or Bearer Security represented by a Definitive 
Certificate; 
Denomination means, in respect of a Gold Security, an amount equal to its Principal Amount; 
Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.1 (Disruption Events); 
Electronic Consent means consent given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications system of the relevant clearing system(s) to the Paying Agent or another specified 
agent and/or the Trustee in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing 
System; 
Eligible Account Bank means any reputable bank, financial institution or credit institution operating in the 
EEA; 
English Security Deed  means the English law governed security deed between the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee dated on or about the date hereof, and any other document designated as such by Issuer and the 
Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time 
Euro means the single currency of participating member states of the economic and monetary union as 
contemplated in the Treaty on European Union. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto; 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.3 (Events of Default);

--- Page 76 ---
M-67740053-19 
76 
Exchange Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1 (Exchange of Global Securities); 
Extended Swap Period has the meaning give to it in Condition 6.6.4 (Gold Swap); 
Extraordinary Resolution means (i) a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Master Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, 
(ii) a Written Resolution or (iii) consent given by way of Electronic Consent by or on behalf of the 
Securityholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Gold Securities who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting held in accordance with the Master Trust Deed; 
Final Terms means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the Gold Securities; 
First Compulsory Gold Sale Date means in respect of any Gold Securities and a Compulsory Redemption, 
the fifth Business Day following the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Gold Securities;  
First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement means the secured allocated custody agreement entered 
into by the Issuer and HSBC Bank PLC in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities; 
Further Tranche means any Tranche of a Series of Gold Securities issued after the Issue Date in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Issue of Further Tranches and Series of Gold Securities); 
GBP means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
Global Bearer Security means the Gold Securities in bearer form represented by a global security; 
Global Registered Certificate means a global certificate representing Gold Securities in registered form; 
Global Security means a Global Bearer Security or a Global Registered Certificate; 
Gold means the gold held in the Secured Accounts, which backs the Gold Securities; 
Gold Agent  means, as at the date hereof, in relation to each Series of Gold Securities, HSBC Bank PLC; 
Gold Agent Agreement means the gold agent agreement entered into by, amongst others, the Issuer and 
HSBC Bank PLC; 
Gold Delivery means in relation to a Redemption of any Gold Securities, settlement of the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Redemption by delivery of an amount of unallocated Gold equal to the Gold 
Entitlement of such Gold Securities (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce); 
Gold Entitlement means in respect of a calendar day and a number of Gold Securities of a Series, a return 
which is equal to an amount of Gold equal to the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security with respect to that 
Series multiplied by that number. The Issuer will calculate and publish the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
in respect of each calendar day on its website;  
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of a Series of Gold Security, has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5 (Gold Entitlement per Gold Security); 
Gold Sale means in relation to the Optional Redemption (by one or more Securityholders) or the Compulsory 
Redemption of any Gold Securities, settlement of the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Redemption by 
sale of an amount of Gold equal to the Gold Entitlement of such Gold Securities and payment of the Net 
Redemption Sale Proceeds as more particularly provided for in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) or Condition 8.5 
(Compulsory Redemption Process) (as the case may be);  
Gold Sale Date means:

--- Page 77 ---
M-67740053-19 
77 
(a) 
with respect to an Optional Redemption to be effected by Gold Sale pursuant to Condition to 7.8.2(a) 
to 7.8.2(b) (Gold Sale), the second Business Day following the Trade Date;  
(b) 
with respect to an Optional Redemption to be effected by Gold Sale pursuant to Condition 7.8.1(c) 
(Gold Sale), the second Business Day following the Business Day on which the Gold Entitlement 
per Gold Security is determined; and  
(c) 
with respect to a Compulsory Redemption, each Compulsory Gold Sale Date; 
Gold Securities means the Series of SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities (and each a Gold Security) to 
which these Conditions relates or, as the context may require, any or all securities issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme; 
Gold Swap means the exchange of Non-SMO Gold for SMO Gold by the Issuer (or the Gold Agent on its 
behalf); 
Gold Swap Amount means the Non-SMO Gold Amount plus the Gold Swap Premium Amount; 
Gold Swap Date means the date upon which a Gold Swap is to be effected as set out in the relevant Gold 
Swap Notice; 
Gold Swap Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.6.2 (Gold Swap); 
Gold Swap Order means a summary document specifying key trade details for a Gold Swap, including the 
amount of Non-SMO Gold required to be exchanged under Gold Swap and similar and related information 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty from time to time; 
Gold Swap Premium Amount means the premium rate for SMO Gold as set out in the relevant Gold Swap 
Order; 
Gold Swap Trigger has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.6.2 (Gold Swap); 
Initial Gold Entitlement means, in respect of a Series of Gold Securities, the Gold Entitlement on the Series 
Issue Date which will be specified in relevant Final Terms of the first Tranche of Gold Securities for such 
Series; 
Initial Swap Period means, in respect of each issuance of Gold Securities, a period of 90 days from the 
relevant Issue Date; 
Initial Tranche means the first Tranche of a Series of Gold Securities issued; 
Irish Security Deed  means the Irish law governed security deed between the Issuer and the Security 
Trustee dated on or about the date hereof, and any other document designated as such by Issuer and the 
Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time; 
Issue Date means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final Terms relating to 
such Tranche; 
Issue Price means the issue price specified in relevant Final Terms; 
Issuer means Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company, a public limited company incorporated under 
the laws of Ireland with company number 734888 whose registered office is at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life 
Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland; 
Issuer Call Redemption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption Event); 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption Event);

--- Page 78 ---
M-67740053-19 
78 
Issuer Expenses Cash Account an unsecured account or accounts opened with the Account Bank in the 
name of the Issuer and operated by the Issuer from which any ongoing fees, costs and expenses incurred 
by the Issuer from time to time are paid; 
Issuer Insolvency Event means each of the Events of Default set out at Condition 8.3.3 (Events of Default) 
and Condition 8.3.4 (Events of Default);  
Issuer Premium Account means the account opened with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer and 
operated by the Issuer into which amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer representing SMO Gold 
Premium for the purposes of effecting Gold Swaps are paid from time to time; 
Issuer Redemption Cash Account means, in respect of a Series of Gold Securities, an account or accounts 
opened with the Account Bank in the name of the Issuer and operated by the Issuer into which amounts 
received by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purpose of effecting Redemptions and Compulsory Redemptions 
are paid from time to time including any Net Redemption Sale Proceeds; 
Issuer Redemption Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.2.4 (Compulsory Redemption Events); 
Issuer's Website means the website having the following internet address: www.zipa.co or such other 
internet address as may be used by the Issuer and notified to Securityholders and the Trustee in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices); 
Issuing Agent means in respect of a Series, any entity appointed as issuing agent of the Issuer in respect 
of such Series; 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association and any replacement or successor thereto;  
Loss means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs and 
expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, fees 
or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim;  
Management Fee means the management fee payable by the Issuer to Zipa Management in consideration 
for the provision by Zipa Management or an Affiliate or successor of Zipa Management of all services 
provided under the Management Agreement;  
Management Agreement means the management agreement entered into by, amongst others, the Issuer 
and Zipa Management (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time); 
Master Swap Agreement means the master swap agreement dated on or about the date hereof between, 
amongst others, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty as may be amended, supplemented, novated or 
replaced from time to time; 
Meeting means a meeting of Securityholders of any Series (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
Net Redemption Sale Proceeds means in respect of a Gold Sale, an amount denominated in the Relevant 
Currency equal to the sum of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds less all amounts which the Gold Agent 
is entitled to deduct from the proceeds of sale in accordance with Condition 7.8.6 (Gold Sale) or Condition 
8.5.6 (Compulsory Redemption Process) (as the case may be); 
NGN has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Non-AP Securityholder means a Securityholder that is not also an Authorised Participant; 
Non-Disrupted Day means each day that is a Business Day and is not a Suspended Day or a day which 
falls within a Suspension Period;

--- Page 79 ---
M-67740053-19 
79 
Non-SMO Gold means gold that is not SMO Gold; 
Non-SMO Gold Amount means the aggregate amount of Non-SMO Gold to which a Gold Swap Order 
applies as set out in the relevant Gold Swap Order; 
Notice Deadline means 4.00p.m. (Dublin) time, provided that the Notice Deadline in respect of any Series 
of Gold Securities may be adjusted by agreement between the Issuer and the Custodian with effect from the 
fifth calendar day following the date on which notice of such adjustment is given to the holders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices); 
Obligor means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property; 
Operating Procedures means the operating procedures of the Issuer in respect of Subscription, 
Redemption and Gold Swaps and such procedures as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer, 
the Manager and the Administrator; 
Optional Redemption means the Redemption of Gold Securities at the option of one or more 
Securityholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7 (Redemption); 
Outstanding means, for the purposes of the Conditions, Trust Deed and Security Deeds, in relation to the 
Gold Securities and a day: 
(a) 
on the Series Issue Date, the Gold Securities issued on such day; and  
(b) 
on any day thereafter, all the Gold Securities issued on or prior to such day except: 
(i) 
those that have been Redeemed in accordance with Condition 8 (Compulsory Redemption);  
(ii) 
those that have been cancelled for any reason;  
(iii) those in respect of which the date for Redemption has occurred and the Redemption monies 
have been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Paying Agent and which remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of Gold Securities;  
(iv) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(v) 
those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant 
but in respect of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not delivered in full the 
relevant Subscription Amount under the Authorised Participant Agreement;  
(vi) those in respect of which a Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date or Redemption 
Settlement Date has occurred and in respect of which the Issuer (or the Trustee or the Paying 
Agent, as the case may be) has received in full Gold from the Custodian or cash from the Gold 
Agent (as applicable and as the case may be);  
(vii) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 8.1 (Issuer 
Call Redemption Event); and 
(viii) any Global Bearer Security to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Certificates pursuant to its provisions; provided that for the purposes of (1) 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any Meeting, (2) the determination of how many 
Gold Securities are Outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the Trust Deed and each 
Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is 
required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the 
Securityholders, those Gold Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain Outstanding. For 
the avoidance of doubt, Gold Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such

--- Page 80 ---
M-67740053-19 
80 
day to Redeem but in respect of which the Gold Entitlement or Net Redemption Sale Proceeds 
has not yet been delivered to or paid in full to the Issuer (or the Trustee or the Paying Agent, 
as applicable) shall be deemed to be "Outstanding" on such day and Gold Securities (if any) 
which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such day to issue but in respect of which delivery of 
the relevant Subscription Amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) and settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred 
shall not be deemed to be "Outstanding" on such day; 
Over-allocated Gold means, in respect of a Series of Gold Securities, the amount of Gold in the Secured 
Allocated Accounts which relates to any over-allocation of Gold by the Custodian to the relevant Secured 
Allocated Accounts in order to allow for:  
(a) 
delivery of an amount of Gold into the Secured Allocated Accounts that equates to a single Gold bar 
notwithstanding that the amount of Gold due to the Issuer was less than the weight of such single 
Gold bar; or  
(b) 
withdrawal of an amount of Gold from the Secured Allocated Accounts that equates to a single Gold 
bar notwithstanding that the amount of Gold due from the Issuer was greater than the weight of such 
single Gold bar; 
Over-allocated Gold Cash Proceeds means:  
(a) 
in respect of any Over-allocated Gold sold in connection with a Gold Sale an amount denominated 
in the Relevant Currency equal to the Relevant Proportion of the sale proceeds in respect of the 
Gold realised in connection with such Gold Sale; or  
(b) 
in respect of any Over-allocated Gold realised in the enforcement of the Security pursuant to 
Condition 6.2 (Realisation of Security constituted under each Security Document), the Relevant 
Proportion of the sale proceeds in respect of Gold realised during such enforcement process.  
Over-allocated Gold Proceeds means:   
(a) 
in respect of Over-allocated Gold realised in connection with a Gold Sale, an amount of Gold 
equivalent to the Over-allocated Gold or the Over-allocated Gold Cash Proceeds; or  
(b) 
in respect of Over-allocated Gold realised in the enforcement of the Security pursuant to Condition 
6.2 (Realisation of Security constituted under each Security Document), an amount of Gold 
equivalent to the Over-allocated Gold or the Over-allocated Gold Cash Proceeds. 
Paying Agent means in respect of a Series, any entity appointed as paying agent of the Issuer in respect of 
such Series; 
Payment Business Day means, in respect of any Gold Securities, any day (i) which is a Clearing System 
Business Day and (ii) which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency); 
Principal means the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds; 
Principal Amount means, in respect of any Gold Security, the principal amount in the Relevant Currency 
specified in the Final Terms; 
Proceedings has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.2 (Jurisdiction); 
Programme Document means each of the Trust Deed, the Administration Agreement, any Calculation 
Agency Agreement, each Custody Agreement, each Security Deed, the Agency Agreement, each Master 
Swap Agreement, each Gold Swap Order, the Account Bank Agreement, the Gold Agent Agreement, the

--- Page 81 ---
M-67740053-19 
81 
Management Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the SMO Contract and each Authorised 
Participant Agreement and such other related documents which are referred to in the terms of the above 
documents or which relate to the issue of the Gold Securities and any other document designated as such 
by the Issuer and the Trustee and Programme Documents means all such documents; 
Programme Effective Date means the date on which the Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme is 
approved by the relevant competent authority; 
Programme Maximum Number of Gold Securities means 10,000,000,000; 
Programme Party means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer); 
Prohibited Gold Holder means a UCITS or other person prohibited by applicable law or regulation from 
owning or taking delivery of the Gold; 
Prohibited Physical Redemption means in respect of a Redemption that the Issuer would be prohibited by 
virtue of legal or regulatory reasons from making a delivery of Gold to the Securityholder; 
Prospectus Date means the date on which the Base Prospectus was approved by the Central Bank, as set 
out on the first page thereof; 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended; 
Record Date means the Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment; 
Redeeming Securityholder means a Securityholder whose Gold Securities are the subject of a 
Redemption;  
Redemption means the redemption of Gold Securities (i) by Optional Redemption or (ii) by a Compulsory 
Redemption, and Redeem and Redeemed shall be construed accordingly; 
Redemption Fee mean a fee payable by the Securityholder on the Redemption of Gold Securities pursuant 
to Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee); 
Redemption Form means a notice in the applicable form (which may vary depending on whether the 
Securityholder is an Authorised Participant or a Non-AP Securityholder and on the Redemption Mechanism) 
prescribed by the Issuer from time to time for the purpose of requesting Redemption of Gold Securities; 
Redemption Limit means with respect to a Series, a limit per Business Day on the Redemption of Gold 
Securities with a Gold Entitlement that has a market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
exceeding such limit, as such limit may be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). As of the Programme Effective Date, the Redemption Limit, in respect of the relevant Series of 
Gold Securities shall be: 
(a) 
the market value (in USD) of the Gold Entitlement of the Outstanding Gold Securities on the Gold 
Sale Date (or in the case of a Compulsory Redemption, the first Compulsory Gold Sale Date) divided 
by 15; or 
(b) 
USD 400 million, 
whichever is higher; 
Redemption Mechanism means each of: 
(a) 
Gold Delivery; and

--- Page 82 ---
M-67740053-19 
82 
(b) 
Gold Sale; 
Redemption Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Redemption pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption), has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 7.10 (Redemption Settlement Date); and 
(b) 
in the case of a Compulsory Redemption, the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date; 
Register means a register maintained by a Registrar of persons holding the Gold Securities; 
Registered Securities has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title); 
Registrar means any such person appointed by the Issuer from time to time to maintain the registers of 
persons holding the Gold Securities; 
Relevant Clearing System means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, or (iii) any other recognised clearing 
system in which Gold Securities of a Series may be cleared; 
Related Rights means, to the extent applicable in relation to any asset: 
(a) 
any proceeds of sale, transfer, lease or other disposal of all or any part of that asset; 
(b) 
all rights under any agreement for sale in respect of all or any part of that asset; 
(c) 
all rights, powers, benefits, claims, contracts, warranties, remedies, security interests, guarantees, 
indemnities or covenants for title in respect of all or any part of that asset; 
(d) 
any interest, dividends or other distribution paid or payable on that asset; 
(e) 
any moneys and proceeds paid or payable in respect of all or any part of that asset; 
(f) 
any awards or judgments in favour of the Issuer in respect of all or any part of that asset; and 
(g) 
any other assets deriving from or relating to all or any part of that asset; 
Relevant Currency means with respect to a Series of Gold Securities, the currency in which the Principal 
Amount of a Gold Security of that Series is denominated, as specified in the Final Terms; 
Relevant Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Prescription); 
Relevant Proportion means:   
(a) 
with respect to a Series of Gold Securities and Over-allocated Gold Proceeds realised in the course 
of a Redemption, the proportion that the Over-allocated Gold realised by way of sale of Gold bears 
to the total amount of Gold realised by way of Gold Sale or in the course of such other sale of Gold; 
and  
(b) 
with respect to a Series of Gold Securities and Over-allocated Gold Proceeds realised in the 
enforcement of the Security pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Realisation of Security constituted under 
each Security Document) by way of sale of Gold, the proportion that the Over-allocated Gold 
realised in the enforcement of the Security pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Realisation of Security 
constituted under each Security Document), bears to the total amount of Gold realised in such 
enforcement process; 
Relevant Provisions means, in respect of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of the Calculation Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Authorised Participant Agreement and the Conditions;

--- Page 83 ---
M-67740053-19 
83 
Relevant Stock Exchange means the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange and/or any 
other stock exchange on which Gold Securities of a Series may be listed; 
RIS means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the Gold 
Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to time; 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of a Series, the date specified in the Final Terms for that Series, 
subject to postponement in accordance with Condition 9.3.1 (Postponement relating to the Redemption of 
the Gold Securities), and provided that is such date is not a Business Day, the Scheduled Maturity Date shall 
be the next following Business Day;  
Secured Accounts means with respect to a Series of Gold Securities, the Secured Allocated Accounts and 
the Secured Unallocated Accounts with respect to that Series and “Secured Account” shall be construed 
accordingly; 
Secured Allocated Account means, with respect to the relevant Series of Gold Securities, the secured 
allocated gold account as set out in the Final Terms; 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreements means (a) with respect to the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, 
the First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement and (b) with respect to any other Gold Securities, means 
such agreements providing for the custody of Gold relating to such Gold Securities entered into by the Issuer 
and a Custodian; 
Secured Cash Accounts means with respect to a Series of Gold Securities, the Issuer Premium Account 
and the Issuer Redemption Cash Account with respect to that Series and “Secured Cash Account” shall be 
construed accordingly; 
Secured Liabilities, with respect to a Series of Gold Securities, has the meaning given to it in the Security 
Deeds in respect of that Series; 
Secured Parties, with respect to a Series of Gold Securities, has the meaning given to it in the Security 
Deeds in respect of that Series and will include, without limitation, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the 
Securityholders, Custodian, the Agents, the Manager and the Corporate Services Provider;  
Secured Property means, with respect to a Series of Gold Securities, the assets that are the subject of the 
security constituted by each applicable Security Deed and any other Security Document;  
Secured Unallocated Account means, with respect to the relevant Series of Gold Securities, the secured 
unallocated gold account as set out in the Final Terms; 
Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement means (a) with respect to the SMO Physical Gold ETC 
Securities, the First Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement and (b) with respect to any other Gold 
Securities, means such agreements providing for the custody of Gold relating to Gold Securities entered into 
by the Issuer and a Custodian; 
Securities Act means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended;  
Securities Delivery Obligation has the meaning given to in Condition 7.6.3 (Redemption Obligation); 
Security means a mortgage, charge, assignment, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any 
obligation of the Issuer or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect; 
Security Deed  means each Irish Security Deed and each English Security and any other document 
designated as such by Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from 
time to time;

--- Page 84 ---
M-67740053-19 
84 
Security Document means any security document relating to the Gold Securities pursuant to which Security 
over the Secured Property is created or perfected (including, for the avoidance of doubt, each Security Deed) 
and any other document designated as such by Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated 
and/or replaced from time to time; 
Securityholder and holder mean the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose name a 
Registered Security is registered (as the case may be); 
Securityholder Cash Account means, in respect of a Securityholder and the Redemption of Gold Securities 
by Gold Sale, a bank account to receive payments of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds in respect of the 
Redemption of such Gold Securities, which account shall be: 
(a) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer (or the Trustee as the case may be) from time to time; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Form; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Compulsory Redemption the bank account notified by a Securityholder to the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption Process); 
Securityholder Unallocated Gold Account means, in respect of a Securityholder and the Redemption of 
Gold Securities by Gold Delivery, which account shall be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Authorised Participant, the bullion account notified in writing for such purposes by 
the Authorised Participant to the Issuer (or the Trustee as the case may be) from time to time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Non-AP Securityholder, the bullion account specified in the Redemption Form. 
Series  means all Gold Securities having the same Scheduled Maturity Date and Conditions, including the 
Initial Tranche and any Further Tranche; 
Series Issue Date  means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Series of Gold Securities, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
SMO means single mine origin with an auditable chain of custody for the entire supply chain, with full 
segregation from mine to finished product; 
SMO Contract means the licensing agreement dated on or about the date of this Base Prospectus between 
the Issuer, Zipa Management and SMO Ltd;  
SMO Ltd means Single Mine Origin Ltd, a company registered under the laws of the United Kingdom, with 
company registration number 10983680 and having its registered office at 49-63 Spencer Street, Hockley, 
Birmingham, B18 6DE, United Kingdom; 
SMO Gold Premium means the fee payable by Authorised Participants on subscription for Gold Securities, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and applied by the Issuer to cover the costs of obtaining SMO Gold 
and is made up of a refinery fee and a swap fee. The refinery fee is the fee payable to Gold refineries to 
segregate SMO Gold from Non-SMO Gold. The swap fee is the fee payable to the Swap Counterparty to 
swap Non-SMO Gold for SMO Gold and deliver the SMO Gold to the London vault of the Custodian. The 
SMO Gold Premium is an amount of USD per oz of Gold that represents the cost of segregating the SMO 
Gold throughout the supply chain including the backing of an independent audit and thereby ensuring SMO 
Gold is traceable to a specific mine; 
Subscription means an offer by an Authorised Participant to the Issuer to subscribe for Gold Securities, 
being an offer on terms referred to in a Subscription Form and this document and in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and Subscribe and Subscribing shall be 
construed accordingly;

--- Page 85 ---
M-67740053-19 
85 
Subscription Amount means, in relation to a Subscription Form, an amount per Gold Security equal to the 
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security as at the relevant Trade Date; 
Subscription Fee means the fee payable by an Authorised Participant on a Subscription of Gold Securities 
as specified in the Authorised Participant Agreement;  
Subscription Form means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer to issue Gold 
Securities; 
Subscription Minimum means a minimum of Gold Securities that may be applied by the Issuer at any time 
for a subscription of Gold Securities as more set out in the Final Terms. As at the Prospectus Date, the 
Subscription Minimum in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities is 100,000 (one hundred 
thousand) Gold Securities; 
Subscription Settlement Date means the second Business Day after the Trade Date; 
Subscription Suspension Event means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to each Authorised 
Participant, the Issuing Agent and the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent stating that with effect from 
the date specified in such notice subscription of the Gold Securities shall be suspended;  
Suspended Day and Suspension Period have the respective meanings given to them in Condition 9.2.1 
(Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices); 
Suspension Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.2 (Determination of Disruption Events and 
Suspension Notices); 
Swap Counterparty means StoneX Financial Limited (and any successor or replacement thereto); 
Swap Period means the Initial Swap Period which may be extended in accordance with Condition 6.6.4 
(Gold Swap); 
TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment 
system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
Tax or Taxes means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, 
any tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other 
similar tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, applicable 
tax authority or jurisdiction; 
Threshold Event Date has the meaning give to it in Condition 7.9.1 (Suspension of Redemptions); 
Total Expense Ratio or TER has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3 (Total Expense Ratio). 
Trade Date means: 
(a) 
subject to Condition 9.2 (Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices), in respect of 
an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities, the Business Day on which a Redemption Form is 
determined to be valid; and 
(b) 
subject to Condition 9.2 (Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices), in respect of 
a subscription of Gold Securities, the Business Day on which a Subscription Form is determined to 
be valid;  
Tranche means, in relation to a Series of Gold Securities issued on any date, the Gold Securities that are 
issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount;

--- Page 86 ---
M-67740053-19 
86 
Transfer Agent means Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited, as appointed pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
UCITS means an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities that is established in 
accordance with the European Parliament and Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities (UCITS) (No 2009/65/EC), as amended;  
Uncertificated Form means recorded on the Register as being held in uncertificated form, title to which is 
to be transferred by means of the Relevant Clearing System; 
US Dollar or USD means the lawful currency of the United States of America; 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
Securityholders of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting held 
in accordance with the Master Trust Deed, whether contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such Securityholders; and 
Zipa Investments means Zipa Investments Limited; 
Zipa Management means Zipa Management Limited; and 
Zipa Management Group means Zipa Management and Zipa Investments. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
The following rules shall apply to the interpretation of these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires: 
1.2.1 
headings to Conditions, paragraphs and other provisions of these Conditions shall not affect the 
interpretation of these Conditions; 
1.2.2 
any reference to a person or persons includes reference to any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, public body, governmental authority or other entity; 
1.2.3 
words in the singular shall also include the plural and vice versa; 
1.2.4 
any reference to these Conditions or to any agreement or document includes a reference to these 
Conditions or, as the case may be, such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
1.2.5 
any reference to a statute, statutory provision, regulation, directive or rule of any regulatory 
authority shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to such statute, 
statutory provision, regulation, directive or rule as the same may from time to time be amended, 
modified, extended, consolidated, re-enacted or replaced; and 
1.2.6 
unless otherwise indicated, any reference in these Conditions to a time is a reference to the 
prevailing time in Dublin, Ireland. 
2 
FORM AND TITLE 
2.1 
The Gold Securities may be issued in: 
2.1.1 
bearer form (whether in new global note (NGN) form or classic global note (CGN) form) and serially 
numbered (Bearer Securities); or 
2.1.2 
registered form (whether in global registered form using the new safekeeping structure (NSS) or 
in CGN form (Registered Securities),

--- Page 87 ---
M-67740053-19 
87 
in each case in the Denomination specified in the Final Terms.  
2.2 
If it is stated in the Final Terms that the form of some or all of the Gold Securities is Bearer, such Gold 
Securities are Bearer Securities. If it is so stated that the form of some or all of the Gold Securities is 
Registered, such Gold Securities are Registered Securities.  
2.3 
In respect of Bearer Securities, which shall be issued in global form, such Bearer Securities, will (a) if the 
Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms relating to such Series, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream; 
and (b) if the Bearer Securities are intended to be issued in CGN form, as stated in the Final Terms relating 
to such Series, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream. 
2.4 
In respect of Registered Securities relating to a Series to be issued in global form, the Global Registered 
Certificate in respect of such Registered Securities will (a) if the Registered Securities are intended to be 
issued in global registered form using the new safekeeping structure, be registered in the name of a nominee 
for, and shall be deposited on its issue date with a Common Safekeeper on behalf of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream; and (b) if the Registered Securities are intended to be issued in CGN form, be registered in the 
name of a nominee for, and shall be deposited on its issue date with a Common Depositary on behalf of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream. 
2.5 
All Registered Securities of the same Series shall have the same Denomination.  
2.6 
Title to the Bearer Securities shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Securities shall pass by 
registration in the Register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
2.7 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) 
of any Gold Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Gold Security 
for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not 
such Gold Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or 
any writing thereon made by anyone and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. 
3 
TRANSFERS OF GOLD SECURITIES 
3.1 
Exchange of Global Securities  
3.1.1 
Each of (i) the Global Bearer Security relating to Bearer Securities and (ii) the Global Registered 
Certificate relating to Registered Securities, is exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on or 
after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Certificates if the relevant Global 
Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and the Relevant Clearing System is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or does, in fact, 
do so. 
3.1.2 
Exchange Date means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which the 
notice requiring exchange is given and if that day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding 
Business Day. 
3.1.3 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the relevant 
Global Security surrendering the Global Security to or to the order of the Registrar. In exchange 
for the Global Security, the Issuer shall deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Certificates in an aggregate number equal to the number of Gold 
Securities represented by the Global Security submitted for exchange, security printed in 
accordance substantially in the form required under the Trust Deed.

--- Page 88 ---
M-67740053-19 
88 
3.1.4 
Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities and Bearer Securities of one 
Relevant Currency may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities of another Relevant Currency. 
Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Registered Securities. 
3.2 
Transfer of Definitive Registered Securities  
One or more Definitive Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar) of the Definitive Certificate representing such Definitive Registered Securities to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Definitive Certificate, (or another form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), 
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Definitive Registered 
Securities represented by one Definitive Certificate, a new Definitive Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Definitive Certificate in respect of the balance 
of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, 
with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Securityholders. A copy of the current regulations will 
be made available by the Registrar to any Securityholders upon request. 
3.3 
Exercise of options or partial Redemption in respect of Definitive Registered Securities 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or a Securityholder's option in respect of, or a Redemption of a part 
of, a holding of Definitive Registered Securities represented by a single Definitive Certificate, a new Definitive 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder in respect of the balance of the holding not subject to the exercise of 
such option or, as the case may be, Redeemed. New Definitive Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Definitive Certificates to the Registrar. 
3.4 
Delivery of new Definitive Certificates 
3.4.1 
Each new Definitive Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3.1 (Exchange of Global 
Securities), 3.2 (Transfer of Definitive Registered Securities) and 3.3 (Exercise of options or partial 
Redemption in respect of Definitive Registered Securities) will be available for delivery within five 
Business Days of surrender of the relevant Definitive Certificate and, if applicable, receipt of the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or notice of exercise together with such other 
evidence (if any) as may be required pursuant to the relevant Condition. Delivery of new Definitive 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Registrar to whom surrender of such 
Definitive Certificate and, if applicable, delivery of such request, form of transfer or notice of 
exercise shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery and surrender 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, notice of 
exercise or otherwise in writing, shall be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Definitive 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified.  
3.4.2 
Exchange and transfer of Gold Securities on registration or transfer (as contemplated by this 
Condition 3.4) may be subject to a charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuing Agent, the 
Registrar, or any relevant agent of the Issuer and/or payment by the relevant Securityholder (or 
the giving by the relevant Securityholder of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
3.5 
Closed periods 
No Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security or Definitive Registered Security to be 
registered (i) during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for Redemption of that Gold 
Security, (ii) during the period of 15 calendar days prior to any date on which Gold Securities may be 
Redeemed pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption) (as applicable) or by the Issuer at its election pursuant to 
Condition 8.1 (Issuer Call Redemption Event), (iii) after any such Gold Security has been drawn for 
Redemption in whole or in part, or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record 
Date.

--- Page 89 ---
M-67740053-19 
89 
4 
CONSTITUTION AND STATUS 
Each Series of Gold Securities is constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and secured by the applicable 
Security Deed and each applicable Security Document. The Gold Securities of each Series are secured, 
limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 (Security) and recourse in respect of which is 
limited in the manner described in Condition 6.4 (Limited recourse and non-petition). Each Gold Security has 
a Principal Amount set out in the Final Terms and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Redemption) but subject always to the provisions of Condition 6.4 (Limited recourse and non-petition), a 
Securityholder may elect to receive on Redemption an amount in cash equal to the Principal Amount in lieu 
of the amount otherwise specified in Condition 7 (Redemption). The Issuer acknowledges in the Trust Deed 
its indebtedness in respect of the aggregate Principal Amount. 
5 
GOLD ENTITLEMENT PER GOLD SECURITY 
5.1 
Calculation and publication of Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of each calendar 
day and each Series of Gold Security, and the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) shall publish such 
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of each calendar day during the term of the Gold Securities on 
the Issuer's Website up to (and including) the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of all of the 
Outstanding Gold Securities of such Series .  
5.2 
Calculation of Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
The Gold Entitlement in respect of a Series of Gold Securities on any calendar day shall be an amount of 
Gold per Gold Security (calculated to nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 fine troy ounces rounded 
upwards, and subject to a floor of zero) determined by the Calculation Agent for each Series of Gold Security 
as follows: 
5.2.1 
if the relevant calendar day is the Series Issue Date, the Gold Entitlement shall be equal to the 
Initial Gold Entitlement; 
5.2.2 
in relation to any other calendar day, the Gold Entitlement shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
GEi,t = GEi,t-1 x (1– TERt) 1/N 
Where: 
“i” means the relevant Series of Gold Security; 
“t” means the applicable day (with t-1 being the previous day); 
“GEi,t” means the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of the relevant calendar day; 
“GEi,t-1” means the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in respect of the immediately preceding 
calendar day; 
“TERt” means the Total Expense Ratio as of the relevant calendar day, expressed as a decimal; 
and 
“N” means 365 (or 366 when the relevant calendar day is in a leap year).

--- Page 90 ---
M-67740053-19 
90 
5.3 
Total Expense Ratio 
The Total Expense Ratio or TER is the rate per annum specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of 
each Series of Gold Securities. The Total Expense Ratio in respect of a Series is applied to the Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security for such Series on a daily basis to determine a daily deduction of an amount 
of Gold from such Gold Entitlement per Gold Security. The initial Total Expense Ratio for each Series shall 
be set out in the Final Terms of the first Tranche of Gold Securities for that Series . 
The Total Expense Ratio shall cease to apply to a Series of Gold Securities on the Compulsory Redemption 
Date relating to such Series.  
The Issuer may vary the Total Expense Ratio in respect of a Series provided that no increase in the Total 
Expense Ratio in respect of a Series will take effect unless the Securityholders of such Series have been 
given at least 30 calendar days’ prior notice in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
The Issuer shall publish the Total Expense Ratio in respect of each Series of Gold Securities from time to 
time on the Issuer’s Website. 
6 
SECURITY 
6.1 
Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents  
The Security constituted by the applicable Security Documents in respect of each Series shall become 
enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
6.2 
Realisation of Security constituted under each Security Document 
6.2.1 
At any time after the Security constituted by any Security Document has become enforceable, the 
Trustee may, at its absolute discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by (i) the holders of at 
least one-fifth in number of the Gold Securities of the relevant Series then Outstanding, or (ii) by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders of the relevant Series, in each case subject to 
its having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified (without prejudice to any further 
demand) to its satisfaction against all liabilities which may be incurred in connection with acting on 
such directions, direct the Security Trustee to enforce the Security constituted by the relevant 
Security Document. 
6.2.2 
To do this, the Security Trustee shall, once directed to do so by the Trustee, (i) enforce any relevant 
Programme Document relating to the Gold Securities of such Series in accordance with its or their 
terms, (ii) take action against the Issuer, and/or (iii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of 
the assets over which the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document shall have 
become enforceable and may in its absolute discretion, sell, call in, collect and convert into money 
all or part of such assets, in such manner, at such time and on such terms as it thinks fit, in each 
case without any liability as to the consequence of such action and without having regard to the 
effect of such action on individual Securityholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Security Trustee 
shall not be bound to exercise any discretion to take any action, step or proceeding and shall not 
be held liable for the consequences of (i) exercising its discretion to take any action, step or institute 
any proceeding or (ii) not exercising its discretion to take any action, step or institute any 
proceeding, as the case may be. 
6.2.3 
The Security Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver or receivers over all or part of the assets 
over which the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document shall have become 
enforceable and may remove any receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay 
or waiver of the right to exercise these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
6.2.4 
Neither the Security Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the 
Security Trustee shall, by reason of taking possession of any assets or any other reason and

--- Page 91 ---
M-67740053-19 
91 
whether or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts 
or be liable for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such assets or from any act or 
omission to such assets or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its own fraud, 
gross negligence or wilful misconduct. 
6.2.5 
The Security Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted 
by a Security Document which may be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal 
liability) in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and 
discretions, without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded (without prejudice to 
any further demand) to its satisfaction against all liabilities which may be incurred in connection 
with such action. 
6.3 
Application of proceeds on enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee will apply any amounts received or recovered under the 
applicable Trust Deed and the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the 
Security constituted by the relevant Security Documents (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) as 
follows: 
6.3.1 
first, in repayment to the Custodian of the loan made by it of the Over-allocated Gold, by payment 
to the Custodian of the Over-allocated Gold Proceeds (either by way of delivery of Gold or payment 
of cash); 
6.3.2 
second, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Gold Securities to the Trustee, the 
Security Trustee or any receiver under or pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed or the Security 
Documents (which shall include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee 
and/or the Security Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the 
Trustee’s and/or the Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or 
some of the Security constituted by the Security Documents and the Trustee’s and/or the Security 
Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted 
by the Security Documents); 
6.3.3 
third, in payment or satisfaction of any fees, expenses or other amounts due pursuant to the 
Programme Documents (including payment of any amounts owing for reimbursement in respect of 
any proper payment of amounts paid to Securityholders and default interest (if any) made to the 
Securityholders); 
6.3.4 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to Zipa Management pursuant to the Management 
Agreement; 
6.3.5 
fifth, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders pari passu and rateably; and 
6.3.6 
sixth, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
6.4 
Limited recourse and non-petition 
6.4.1 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in connection with any relevant Series of Gold Securities 
or otherwise (whether arising under the relevant Trust Deed, the Programme Documents, the 
general law or otherwise), the Programme Parties and the Securityholders shall have recourse 
only to the Secured Property in respect of such relevant Series of Gold Securities, and not to any 
other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way 
of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 
6 (Security), the Trust Deed and any Security Deed, as applicable, any outstanding claim against 
the Issuer, whether secured or unsecured, remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be

--- Page 92 ---
M-67740053-19 
92 
extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. None of the Programme 
Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt 
shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
6.4.2 
None of the Programme Parties or the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets (other than in 
respect of the Secured Property in respect of the Gold Securities in question), and none of them 
shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or property attributable to any 
other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single Series 
with the Gold Securities). 
6.4.3 
The provisions of this Condition 6.4 (Limited recourse and non-petition) shall survive 
notwithstanding any Redemption of the Gold Securities or the termination or expiration of any 
Programme Document. 
6.5 
Issuer's rights as beneficial owner of Secured Property 
Notwithstanding Condition 14.1 (Meetings of Securityholders), unless otherwise directed in a Security 
Document at any time before the Security constituted by a Security Document in respect of a Series of Gold 
Securities becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, without the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution and 
without the prior written consent of the Trustee or Security Trustee: 
6.5.1 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the Gold Securities as may not be 
prohibited by the Programme Documents; and 
6.5.2 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the assets which are the subject of the Security 
constituted by the relevant Security Document and are exercisable by the Issuer and, in particular 
(but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect of 
such property and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests in respect of such property, 
provided that the Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to such assets if it would be prejudicial to 
any Security in respect of such Gold Securities or if it is directed to the contrary by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. If such direction is given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such direction. 
6.6 
Gold Swap 
6.6.1 
The Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) shall (unless otherwise instructed by the Manager), 
on each Issue Date upon which Non-SMO Gold is transferred by Authorised Participants to the 
Custodian (for the account of the Issuer) in connection with the issuance of Gold Securities, deliver 
a Gold Swap Order to the Swap Counterparty pursuant to which the Swap Counterparty shall use 
reasonable endeavours to effect a Gold Swap in respect of such Non-SMO Gold within the Swap 
Period in accordance with the provisions of the Master Swap Agreement and the Operating 
Procedures. 
6.6.2 
To effect a Gold Swap, the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) shall:  
(a) upon receipt of a notice (each such notice, a Gold Swap Notice), give notice to the Custodian 
and instruct it to:  
(i) 
notify the Issuer and the Administrator when the SMO Gold has been delivered to the 
relevant Secured Allocated Account on the Gold Swap Date (the Gold Swap Trigger); 
and

--- Page 93 ---
M-67740053-19 
93 
(ii) 
upon the occurrence of the Gold Swap Trigger, withdraw from the Secured Allocated 
Account in respect of the relevant Series of Gold Securities an amount of Non-SMO Gold 
attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property of that Series of Gold Securities 
equal to the Non-SMO Gold Amount specified in the Gold Swap Order to which the Gold 
Swap Notice applies and deliver such Non-SMO Gold to the account specified in the 
relevant Gold Swap Notice; and 
(b) upon the occurrence of the Gold Swap Trigger, instruct the Account Bank to withdraw from the 
Issuer Premium Account an amount of SMO Gold Premium equal to the Gold Swap Premium 
Amount specified in the Gold Swap Order to which the Gold Swap Notice applies and to 
transfer such amount to the account specified in the relevant Gold Swap Notice. 
6.6.3 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents in respect of each Series, the Security in respect 
of the Non-SMO Gold described in Condition 6.6.2(a)(ii) and the SMO Gold Premium described in 
Condition 6.6.2(b) shall automatically be released without further action on the part of the Security 
Trustee to the extent necessary to give effect to the relevant Gold Swap. 
6.6.4 
The Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) shall take reasonable steps to complete a Gold Swap 
in respect of in respect of all Non-SMO Gold transferred to it in connection with the issuance of the 
Gold Securities on an Issue Date as soon as possible and in any event within the Initial Swap 
Period. If the Issuer becomes aware that a Gold Swap will not be completed within the Initial Swap 
Period, it (or the Administrator on its behalf) may give notice of the extension of the Swap Period 
by up to 60 days (the Extended Swap Period) to the Securityholders of the relevant Series in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) not less than five days' prior to the expiry of the Initial 
Swap Period. If the Issuer becomes aware that a Gold Swap will not be completed within the 
Extended Swap Period, then the Issuer shall either give notice (or the Administrator on it behalf) 
of the extension of the Extended Swap Period by up to 60 days  to the Securityholders of the 
relevant Series in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) or in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Swap Agreement, terminate the Gold Swap Order in respect of the relevant issuance of 
Gold Securities and deliver to the Swap Counterparty a new Gold Swap Order in respect of the 
relevant issuance of Gold Securities. 
7 
REDEMPTION 
7.1 
Redemption right 
Each Gold Security shall carry: 
7.1.1 
if Gold Delivery applies, a right on Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 (Redemption) to 
delivery in Gold of an amount equal to the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security (rounded down to 
the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce) as further specified in Condition 7.7 (Gold Delivery); and 
7.1.2 
if Gold Sale applies, a right on Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 (Redemption) or pursuant 
to a Compulsory Redemption to payment of any amount equal to the pro-rata share in respect of 
that Gold Security in the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds of the Gold Sale as further specified in 
Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) or Condition 8.5 (Compulsory Redemption Process) (as the case may 
be). 
7.2 
Redemption by Authorised Participants 
A Securityholder who is also an Authorised Participant may (subject to these Conditions) require the Issuer 
to Redeem all or any part of its holdings in Gold Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Form. Gold 
Delivery shall apply to such Redemption save that Gold Sale will apply in the circumstances specified in 
Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale).

--- Page 94 ---
M-67740053-19 
94 
7.3 
Redemption by Non-AP Securityholders 
A Non-AP Securityholder may (subject to these Conditions) require the Issuer to Redeem all or any part of 
its holdings in Gold Securities by submitting a valid Redemption Form. Gold Delivery shall apply to such 
Redemption save that:   
7.3.1 
if the Issuer has given notice under Condition 17 (Notices) that there are no Authorised Participants 
and that notice remains in effect, the Non-AP Securityholder may elect that Gold Sale shall apply 
to such Redemption; and 
7.3.2 
Gold Sale shall apply in the circumstances specified in Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale).  
7.4 
Redemption Forms 
7.4.1 
A Redemption Form: 
(a) must be in writing; 
(b) must specify the number and Series of any Gold Securities to be Redeemed; 
(c) must: 
(i) 
in respect of a Redemption Form submitted by a Non-AP Securityholder, be signed by 
the Securityholder or by an authorised signatory on behalf of it; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Redemption Form submitted by an Authorised Participant, be 
authenticated by such other method as described in the Operating Procedures;  
(d) is irrevocable once it has been submitted to the Issuer. 
7.4.2 
A Redemption Form shall only be valid if: 
(a) it is in the form specified by the Issuer with respect to the type of Securityholder (Securityholder 
that is also an Authorised Participant or Non-AP Securityholder) and the applicable 
Redemption Mechanism; 
(b) it complies with the requirements of Conditions 7.4.1(a) (Redemption Forms) to 7.4.1(c) 
(Redemption Forms); 
(c) the Redemption does not constitute a Prohibited Physical Redemption; 
(d) it is received by the Administrator on behalf of the Issuer between 8.00am (Dublin time) and 
the Notice Deadline on any Business Day (save that the Issuer may in its sole and absolute 
discretion decide to treat a Redemption Form received on a Business Day after the Notice 
Deadline as if it had been received before the Notice Deadline); 
(e) in the case of a Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Securityholder has paid the 
Redemption Fee referred to at Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee); 
(f) it is confirmed as valid by the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on behalf of the Issuer) by 
5p.m. on the Business Day on which it is received (or deemed to be received); 
(g) the Securityholder has complied with all compliance and identification checks reasonably 
required by the Issuer; 
(h) the Redemption Form is received or is deemed to have been received before the occurrence 
of a Compulsory Redemption Event;

--- Page 95 ---
M-67740053-19 
95 
(i) it is not invalid by virtue of a suspension of Redemptions pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Suspension 
of Redemptions);  
(j) in the case of a Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder by Gold Delivery, the Redemption 
Form specifies a Securityholder Unallocated Gold Account (if applicable) into which the Gold 
can be deposited; and 
(k) such Redemption Form is submitted by a Securityholder on any Business Day and no other 
Redemption Form has been submitted by that Securityholder on or in respect of such Business 
Day in respect of the same Series (unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in its absolute 
discretion). 
7.4.3 
The Issuer shall be deemed to have received a Redemption Form at such time as the Administrator 
has notified the Calculation Agent that it has received it.  
7.4.4 
If the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) determines that a Redemption Form is valid, it shall 
confirm that fact to the Securityholder as soon as reasonably practicable. No Gold Securities may 
be Redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Form that the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) 
has not confirmed as valid. 
7.4.5 
Once it has received a valid Redemption Form from a Securityholder in relation to Gold Securities 
and confirmed that fact to the Securityholder, the Issuer shall take all steps necessary to give effect 
to such Redemption Form as required by this Condition 7 (Redemption). 
7.4.6 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Forms on not 
less than five days' prior notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
and these Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
7.5 
Redemption Fee 
7.5.1 
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Securityholder which is also an Authorised 
Participant, the Redemption Fee payable by a Securityholder shall be the amount specified in the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
7.5.2 
On an Optional Redemption of Gold Securities by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Redemption Fee 
payable by the Securityholder shall be an amount equal to the Issuer's costs of complying with the 
Redemption Form. This cost will be notified to the Non-AP Securityholder at the time of the 
Redemption, and will not be greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed. 
7.5.3 
The Issuer may agree to receive such Redemption Fee in a currency other than the Relevant 
Currency converted at the then prevailing exchange rate. Any such Redemption Fee shall be 
payable in cash and shall not be capable of being set-off against any amount due to the 
Securityholder on Redemption. 
7.5.4 
On a Compulsory Redemption of Gold Securities by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8.4 
(Compulsory Redemption for Cause), the Redemption Fee payable by the Securityholder shall be 
an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer incurred in respect of the Redemption, being an amount 
not greater than 2% of the gold value being redeemed or such other amount as may be notified in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders of Gold 
Securities subject to such Compulsory Redemption of the amount of those costs and their 
allocation to particular Securityholders at the time of the Redemption. The Issuer may agree to 
receive such Redemption Fee in a currency other than the Relevant Currency converted at the 
then prevailing exchange rate available to, and as certified by, the Issuer. Any such Redemption 
Fee shall be payable in cash and shall not be capable of being set-off against any amount due to 
the Securityholder on Redemption. No Redemption Fee is payable with respect to a Compulsory 
Redemption save pursuant to Condition 8.4 (Compulsory Redemption for Cause).

--- Page 96 ---
M-67740053-19 
96 
7.5.5 
Save where Condition 7.5.2 (Redemption Fee) applies, it is a condition to the performance by the 
Issuer of its obligation to Redeem Gold Securities where Gold Sale applies that the Issuer may 
deduct the Redemption Fee from the pro-rata share of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or other 
amount due to the Securityholder on Redemption and that if it does not so deduct the Redemption 
Fee from such amount the Securityholder shall pay the Redemption Fee in accordance with this 
Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee). Save where Condition 7.5.2 (Redemption Fee) applies, the Issuer 
may set-off the amount of the Redemption Fee payable under this Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee) 
against the pro-rata share of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or other amount due to the 
Securityholder on Redemption. 
7.6 
Redemption Obligations 
7.6.1 
Upon a valid Redemption Form having been submitted and its validity having been confirmed by 
the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) in respect of Gold Securities, those Gold Securities 
may not be transferred by the Securityholder except where such transfer is to the Issuer, and the 
Issuer may refuse to recognise any other purported transfer. 
7.6.2 
Where a Redemption Form has been submitted for the Redemption of Gold Securities, the 
Securityholder of the Gold Securities subject to the Redemption must deliver the Gold Securities 
to be Redeemed and any certificates representing them to the Issuer in such manner as the Issuer 
may agree: 
7.6.3 
In order for the Issuer to effect a Redemption on the Redemption Settlement Date, the 
Securityholder must have complied in full with its obligations under Condition 7.6.2 (Redemption 
Obligations) (its Securities Delivery Obligation) by 3.00p.m. Dublin time on the second Business 
Day following the Trade Date. Any failure by the Securityholder to comply with its Securities 
Delivery Obligation by that time shall not cause the Redemption of such Gold Securities to be 
invalid but the Securityholder shall not be entitled to deliveries or payments in connection with the 
Redemption unless and until the Securities Delivery Obligation has been complied with. No interest 
or other amount shall be payable in connection with late deliveries or payments resulting from a 
failure to comply with the Securities Delivery Obligation. 
7.6.4 
If Gold Securities are Redeemed in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption) or Condition 8 
(Compulsory Redemption), the Issuer shall have the right to cancel the entry in the Register in 
respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed upon: (i) delivery of the Gold Entitlement to the 
relevant Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities being Redeemed, or (ii) payment of the 
amount due to the relevant Securityholder pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) or Condition 8.5 
(Compulsory Redemption Process). 
7.6.5 
If Gold Securities are Redeemed in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption) or Condition 8 
(Compulsory Redemption) prior to the completion of a Gold Swap in respect of any Non-SMO Gold 
held by the Issuer in the Secured Allocated Account in respect of the Series of Gold Securities to 
which the Redemption applies, the Issuer shall have the ability, to the extent the SMO Gold 
Premium has not been applied or committed to a particular Gold Swap, but, in any event, shall not 
be obliged, to remit its pro-rata share of the SMO Gold Premium to the relevant Securityholder by 
depositing such share in the Securityholder Cash Account of such Securityholder on the 
Redemption Settlement Date. 
7.6.6 
The Issuer may, at any time, notify a Securityholder that the Issuer may have to withhold or deduct 
from any payment (if applicable) that corresponds to the Redemption Form an amount for or on 
account of, any present or future Taxes as required by law (as modified by the practice of any 
relevant governmental revenue authority) then in effect and such notice shall specify any form or 
document to be delivered by beneficial owners of Gold Securities that may allow the Issuer to make 
such payment without any such withholding or deduction or with such withholding or deduction at 
a reduced rate. If such forms or documents are not provided to the Issuer by the relevant 
Securityholder or if it is not the beneficial owner of the Gold Securities held by such Securityholder

--- Page 97 ---
M-67740053-19 
97 
and which are to be Redeemed, then any such payment will be reduced (and the matching 
obligation of the Issuer to deliver or to procure the delivery of the Gold Entitlement per Gold 
Security), or other amount due to that Securityholder will also be reduced, by the amount of the 
withholding or deduction.  
7.7 
Gold Delivery 
7.7.1 
If Gold Securities of a Series are required to be Redeemed by Gold Delivery in accordance with 
this Condition 7 (Redemption), the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) shall upon receipt of 
the relevant valid Redemption Form and satisfaction of the Securities Delivery Obligation instruct 
the Custodian to make available (to be delivered to, and deposited into the Securityholder Gold 
Account of the Redeeming Securityholder)) Gold in at least an amount equal to the Gold 
Entitlement of such Gold Securities (rounded down to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce), calculated 
as of the Trade Date. Gold will be made available for delivery to and deposit into the Securityholder 
Gold Account of the Redeeming Securityholder from the relevant Secured Accounts on the 
Redemption Settlement Date. 
7.7.2 
A Redeeming Securityholder may request that the Issuer instruct the Custodian, in respect of the 
Gold being redeemed, to be made available for delivery to the Redeeming Securityholder via a 
secure transport provider. The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, and at the cost of the Redeeming 
Securityholder, accede to such a request, at which point a separate contractual agreement for the 
delivery of the Gold will be entered into between the relevant parties.  
7.7.3 
If Gold Securities are Redeemed by Gold Delivery, all title to and risk in such Gold shall pass to 
the Redeeming Securityholder on the relevant Redemption Settlement Date (being the second 
Business Day following the applicable Trade Date). Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be 
liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect a delivery of the required Gold in accordance with 
the Issuer's instructions. If such failure occurs, the Issuer shall to the extent reasonably practicable 
assign to the Redeeming Securityholder its claims in respect of such Gold in satisfaction of all 
claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities to be Redeemed and the 
Securityholder shall have no further claims in respect of such Redemption against the Issuer or 
the Secured Property. 
7.8 
Gold Sale 
7.8.1 
Gold Sale will apply if: 
(a) a Non-AP Securityholder elects for Gold Sale to apply in accordance with Condition 7.3.1 
(Redemption by Non-AP Securityholders); 
(b) in the case of a Redemption by a Non-AP Securityholder, the Securityholder does not certify 
in the Redemption Form that it is not a Prohibited Gold Holder; or 
(c) the Gold to which the Securityholder is entitled on Redemption is not successfully delivered to 
the Securityholder (unless this results from the fault of the Issuer) and is not claimed by such 
Securityholder by the 30th calendar day after the Redemption Settlement Date (whereupon 
the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security will be determined as of the first Business Day following 
the expiry of such 30 day period). 
7.8.2 
If Gold Sale is the applicable Redemption Mechanism to the Optional Redemption of Gold 
Securities by one or more Securityholders, the Issuer (or the Administrator on its behalf) will: 
(a) give notice to the Gold Agent under the Gold Agent Agreement to sell on the Gold Sale Date 
an amount of Gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property equal to the Gold 
Entitlement in respect of the Gold Securities to be sold by Gold Sale on such Gold Sale Date; 
and

--- Page 98 ---
M-67740053-19 
98 
(b) direct the Custodian to deliver such amount of Gold to, or to the order of, the Gold Agent on 
the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Gold Sale Date equal to the Gold 
Entitlement (rounded up to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce) in respect of the number of Gold 
Securities of each relevant Series to be sold by Gold Sale on such Gold Sale Date so as to 
sell such Gold to give effect to the Redemption. 
7.8.3 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents in respect of each Series, the Security in respect 
of the Gold described in Condition 7.8.2(a) (Gold Sale) shall automatically be released without 
further action on the part of the Security Trustee to the extent necessary to give effect to the sale 
of such Gold, provided that nothing in this Condition 7.8 (Gold Sale) shall release the charges and 
other security interests over the proceeds of the sale of such Gold. 
7.8.4 
The Gold Agent shall (acting as agent of the Issuer) sell the Gold in a timely fashion on the Gold 
Sale Date in accordance with the Gold Agent Agreement. 
7.8.5 
In selling the Gold, the Gold Agent is authorised under the Gold Agent Agreement to take such 
steps as, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, it considers appropriate in order to effect 
an orderly sale of the Gold in a timely fashion (taking into account the circumstances at the time 
and the amount of Gold to be sold) and to effect such sale at any time or from time to time on the 
Gold Sale Date and may do so in one or more transactions.  
7.8.6 
The Gold Agent shall be permitted promptly to deduct from the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds 
(i) any Taxes arising from or connected with any such sale of Gold; (ii) any other amounts properly 
incurred by it in connection with any such sale; and (iii) if applicable, any Over-allocated Gold Cash 
Proceeds, and it shall not be liable to account for anything except the actual proceeds of any such 
sale received by it after such deductions. 
7.8.7 
On the first Business Day following the Gold Sale Date, the Gold Agent shall notify the Issuer (and, 
as the case may be, the Trustee) of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds received in respect of 
any Gold that has been sold on such Gold Sale Date (and the details of each sale of Gold including 
the price, volume and date of each such sale). 
7.8.8 
Immediately following deduction of any Taxes or other amounts in accordance with Condition 7.8.6 
(Gold Sale), the Gold Agent shall pay the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds to the Issuer Redemption 
Cash Account and in any event by no later than 2.00p.m. Dublin time (or such later time as the 
Issuer may agree) on the second Business Day following the Gold Sale Date. Once it has received 
the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds in full cleared funds, the Issuer will remit its pro-rata share of 
those proceeds (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 7.5) (Redemption Fee), 
to each relevant Securityholder through the Relevant Clearing System or to the Securityholder 
Cash Account). 
7.8.9 
If Gold Sale applies, the Securityholder of the Gold Securities being Redeemed acknowledges and 
agrees: 
(a) to accept the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds less any unpaid Redemption Fee in full 
settlement of the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Redemption of such Gold Securities; 
(b) that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as to the price at which 
Gold will be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Gold; and 
(c) that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any delay, failure or misconduct by 
the Gold Agent in respect of any sale of Gold pursuant to the Gold Agent Agreement, but in 
the event of any such failure, delay or misconduct, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable 
assign to the Redeeming Securityholder its claims in relation to such Gold in satisfaction of all 
claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities to be Redeemed and the 
Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property.

--- Page 99 ---
M-67740053-19 
99 
7.9 
Suspension of Redemptions 
7.9.1 
If on any Business Day (a Threshold Event Date) the Calculation Agent determines that the 
market value of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security has fallen to less than 20% (twenty per 
cent.) of the Issue Price per Gold Security as at the Series Issue Date of such Gold Securities: 
(a) the Issuer may at any time after the Threshold Event Date, for so long as the Calculation Agent 
determines that the market value of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security continues to be 
less than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the Issue Price per Gold Security as at the Series Issue 
Date of such Gold Securities, suspend the right to request Redemption of Gold Securities 
pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption); and 
(b) the Issuer shall give notice convening a Meeting to take place on a date not more than 30 
calendar days after the Threshold Event Date for the purpose of considering an Extraordinary 
Resolution which would have the effect of reducing the Principal Amount of the Gold Securities 
to an amount which the Calculation Agent determines is not less than 2per cent. of the market 
value of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security as at the time of suspension of Redemptions, 
in which event the suspension will cease only if such Extraordinary Resolution is passed, 
in each case, subject as provided in this Condition 7 (Redemption), the Issuer may at its discretion 
terminate any such suspension at any time. 
7.9.2 
If, in any thirty day period, an amount of Gold, across any number of Series of the Gold Securities, 
equal to, or greater than, 500kg has been redeemed (by way of Gold Sale or Gold Delivery), the 
Issuer reserves the right to suspend the right of Securityholders to request Redemption of Gold 
Securities pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption). 
7.9.3 
The following provisions shall apply where Redemptions have been suspended pursuant to 
Condition 7.9.1 to 7.9.2 (Suspension of Redemptions): 
(a) the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the parties to the relevant Programme Documents and the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure to 
give any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
(b) any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 days, and, in the case of a 
suspension under Condition 7.9.1, may continue thereafter at the discretion of the Issuer if the 
Extraordinary Resolution referred to in Condition 7.9.1(b) (Suspension of Redemptions) above 
has not been passed; and 
(c) any suspension shall not affect any Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Form confirmed as 
valid on a date which had passed before the suspension commenced, but any Redemption 
Form in respect of Gold Securities submitted or deemed to be received on a Business Day 
when the right to request Redemption of the Gold Securities pursuant to Condition is 
suspended pursuant to this Condition 7.9 (Suspension of Redemptions) shall be invalid. 
7.10 
Redemption Settlement Date 
In relation to any Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7 (Redemption), the Redemption Settlement Date 
will be the second Business Day following the applicable Trade Date, provided that in the case of Redemption 
by Gold Sale the Redemption Settlement Date shall be the tenth Business Day following the applicable Trade 
Date (and if such day is not also a Payment Business Day, the Redemption Settlement Date will be the next 
Payment Business Day).

--- Page 100 ---
M-67740053-19 
100 
8 
COMPULSORY REDEMPTION 
8.1 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the relevant Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices), elect to Redeem all or some only of the Gold Securities of a Series and designate a Compulsory 
Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Compulsory Redemption Date 
shall not be earlier than 30 calendar days following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an Issuer 
Call Redemption Notice). In the event that the Issuer elects to Redeem only some of the Outstanding Gold 
Securities of a Series pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro-rata portion of each 
Securityholder's Gold Securities of such Series shall be subject to such Redemption. 
For the purposes of Condition 8.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events), a Compulsory Redemption Event in 
the form of an "Issuer Call Redemption Event" will occur on the Compulsory Redemption Date designated in 
the Issuer Call Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Business Day on the first following Business Day). 
The Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the relevant Programme Parties 
on the same date as such notice is given to the Securityholders. 
8.2 
Compulsory Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be a compulsory Redemption event in respect of the Gold Securities of a 
Series (each a Compulsory Redemption Event): 
8.2.1 
Threshold Redemption Event: if on any Business Day falling on or after the 60th calendar day 
following a Threshold Event Date, the market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of 
the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security of a Series is less than 20% (twenty per cent.) of the Issue 
Price per Gold Security as at the Series Issue Date of such Gold Securities (a Threshold 
Redemption Event), the Issuer shall designate a Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of the 
Series of Gold Securities; 
8.2.2 
Termination of appointment of Agent or Authorised Participants: if any of the Calculation Agent, 
the Administrator, the Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Gold 
Agent in relation to a Series of Gold Securities, the Account Bank in relation to a Series of Gold 
Securities or all of the Authorised Participants in relation to the Gold Securities resign their 
appointment or their appointment is terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement 
has been appointed at the time that such resignation or termination takes effect in accordance with 
the applicable Programme Document, and the Issuer gives notice (an Agent Redemption Event 
Notice) to the relevant Programme Parties and the relevant Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), a Compulsory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Business Day after 
the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice; 
8.2.3 
Termination of Custody Agreement: if any Custody Agreement is terminated and no replacement 
Custody Agreement has been entered into at the time that such termination takes effect in 
accordance with the applicable Programme Document, and the Issuer gives notice (an Custody 
Redemption Event Notice) to the relevant Programme Parties and the relevant Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), a Compulsory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth 
Business Day after the date of the Custody Redemption Event Notice; 
8.2.4 
Change in law or regulation Redemption Event: if on or after the Series Issue Date (a) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure 
(including, without limitation, any tax law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any 
applicable regulatory authority, tax authority and/or any exchange), or (b) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority):

--- Page 101 ---
M-67740053-19 
101 
(a) it has (or the Issuer reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Gold Securities; or 
(b) the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Gold Securities (including, without limitation, any increase in any 
applicable Taxes, any decrease in any applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability 
to Tax of the Issuer relating to any change in any applicable tax law or regulation), 
(each a Change in law or regulation Redemption Event) the Issuer may give the relevant 
Programme Parties and the relevant Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
notice that the Gold Securities are to be Redeemed and designate a Compulsory Redemption Date 
for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Compulsory Redemption Date shall 
not be earlier than the fifth Business Day following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an 
Issuer Redemption Notice); 
8.2.5 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to Condition 8.1 
(Issuer Call Redemption Event). 
8.3 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an Event of Default) occurs, the Trustee at its absolute discretion may, 
or will if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the Gold Securities of a Series then 
Outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of a Series of Gold Securities (provided that in 
each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give 
notice to the Issuer (copied to each relevant Programme Party) (such notice a Default Redemption Event 
Notice) that such relevant Series of Gold Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable: 
8.3.1 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of a Series of Gold Securities or any 
of them for a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
8.3.2 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a payment 
obligation) under a Series of Gold Securities, the Trust Deed, the Security Deeds or any other 
Programme Document relating to that Series, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the 
opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer 
period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer 
by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be 
deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by 
a particular time); 
8.3.3 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
8.3.4 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer; 
8.3.5 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Custodian in respect of that Series of Gold Securities, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
8.3.6 
the Custodian in respect of that Series of Gold Securities seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets.

--- Page 102 ---
M-67740053-19 
102 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, after receipt of a Default Redemption Event Notice, give 
notice thereof to the applicable Securityholders of such Series . 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be bound to exercise any discretion to take any action, step 
or proceeding and shall not be held liable for the consequences of (i) exercising its discretion to take any 
action, step or institute any proceeding or (ii) not exercising its discretion to take any action, step or institute 
any proceeding, as the case may be. 
8.4 
Compulsory Redemption for Cause 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, at any time give written notice to a Securityholder that any Gold 
Securities of a Series held by that Securityholder are to be subject to Compulsory Redemption and specifying 
a Business Day (being not less than seven days and not more than fourteen days following the date of the 
notice) to be the Compulsory Redemption Date in respect of such Gold Securities, if the Issuer considers (in 
its sole discretion) (i) that such Gold Securities are or may be owned or held directly or beneficially by any 
person in breach of any law or requirement of any country or by virtue of which such person is not qualified 
to own those Gold Securities, or (ii) that the ownership or holding or continued ownership or holding of those 
Gold Securities (whether on its own or in conjunction with any other circumstance appearing to the Issuer to 
be relevant) would, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, cause a pecuniary or tax disadvantage to the 
Issuer or any other Securityholders which it or they might not otherwise have suffered or incurred. 
8.5 
Compulsory Redemption Process 
8.5.1 
If a Compulsory Redemption Date is designated in accordance with these Conditions, the Gold 
Securities shall be Redeemed by Gold Sale and the provisions of this Condition 8.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption Process) shall apply. 
8.5.2 
The Issuer (or in the case of a Compulsory Redemption pursuant to Condition 8.3 (Events of 
Default) the Security Trustee) shall: 
(a) no later than 8.00am on the First Compulsory Gold Sale Date and on each successive 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), publish the 
Compulsory Daily Sale Number of Gold Securities of each relevant Series to be sold by Gold 
Sale on such Compulsory Gold Sale Date;  
(b) give notice to the Gold Agent under the Gold Agent Agreement to sell on each Compulsory 
Gold Sale Date an amount of Gold attributable to or forming part of the Secured Property equal 
to the Gold Entitlement in respect of the Compulsory Daily Sale Number of Gold Securities of 
each relevant Series to be sold by Gold Sale on such Compulsory Gold Sale Date; and 
(c) direct the Custodian to deliver such an amount of Gold to, or to the order of, the Gold Agent 
on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Compulsory Gold Sale Date equal 
to the Gold Entitlement in respect of the Compulsory Daily Sale Number of Gold Securities of 
each relevant Series to be sold by Gold Sale on such Compulsory Gold Sale Date so as to sell 
such Gold to give effect to the Redemption. 
8.5.3 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents in respect of each Series, the Security in respect 
of the Gold described in Condition 8.5.2(b) (Compulsory Redemption Process) shall automatically 
be released without further action on the part of the Security Trustee to the extent necessary to 
give effect to the sale of the Gold, provided that nothing in this Condition 8.5 (Compulsory 
Redemption Process) shall release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of 
the sale of the Gold. 
8.5.4 
Upon each Compulsory Gold Sale Date, the Gold Agent shall (acting as agent of the Issuer) sell 
the Gold referred to in the notice under Condition 8.5.2(b) (Compulsory Redemption Process) in a

--- Page 103 ---
M-67740053-19 
103 
timely fashion on the applicable Compulsory Gold Sale Date in accordance with the Gold Agent 
Agreement. 
8.5.5 
In selling such Gold, the Gold Agent is authorised under the Gold Agent Agreement to take such 
steps as, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, it considers appropriate in order to effect 
an orderly sale of the Gold in a timely fashion (taking into account the circumstances at the time 
and the amount of Gold to be sold) and to effect such sale at any time or from time to time on the 
applicable Compulsory Gold Sale Date and may do so in one or more transactions.  
8.5.6 
The Gold Agent shall be permitted promptly to deduct from the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds 
(i) any Taxes arising from or connected with any such sale of Gold, and (ii) any other amounts 
properly incurred by it in connection with any such sale, and it shall not be liable to account for 
anything except the actual proceeds of any such sale received by it after such deductions.  
8.5.7 
On the first Business Day following each Compulsory Gold Sale Date, the Gold Agent shall notify 
the Issuer and Trustee of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds received in respect of any Gold 
that has been sold on such Compulsory Gold Sale Date (and the details of each sale of Gold 
including the price, volume and date of each such sale). 
8.5.8 
Immediately following deduction of any Taxes or other amounts in accordance with Condition 8.5.6 
(Compulsory Redemption Process), the Gold Agent shall immediately pay the Net Redemption 
Sale Proceeds to the Issuer Redemption Cash Account, as applicable, and in any event by no later 
than 5.00p.m. Dublin time (or such later time as the Issuer may agree) on the day falling one 
Business Day after its receipt in full of the Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds. Once it has received 
the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds in full cleared funds, the Issuer will remit its pro-rata share of 
those proceeds (less any Redemption Fee in accordance with Condition 7.5 (Redemption Fee) to 
the relevant Securityholder through the Relevant Clearing System or to the Securityholder Cash 
Account). 
8.5.9 
If Gold Sale applies, the Securityholder of the Gold Securities being Redeemed acknowledges and 
agrees: 
(a) to accept the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds less any unpaid Redemption Fee in full 
settlement of the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Redemption of such Gold Securities; 
(b) to, in respect of a Compulsory Redemption, notify the Issuer of the Securityholder Cash 
Account so as to enable payment by the Issuer of the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds;  
(c) that the Issuer and the Trustee make no representations or warranties as to the price at which 
Gold will be sold or the amount of the proceeds of sale realised from the sale of Gold; and 
(d) that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable for any delay, failure or misconduct by 
the Gold Agent in respect of any sale of Gold pursuant to the Gold Agent Agreement, but in 
the event of any such failure, delay or misconduct, the Issuer shall to the extent practicable 
assign to the Redeeming Securityholder its claims in relation to the Gold in satisfaction of all 
claims of such Securityholder in respect of the Gold Securities to be redeemed and the 
Securityholder shall have no further claims against the Issuer or the Secured Property.  
8.6 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date 
In relation to any Compulsory Redemption, the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date shall be the 
second Payment Business Day following the receipt by the Issuer in full cleared funds of the Net Redemption 
Sale Proceeds with respect to the Gold Sale provided that if such day is not also a Payment Business Day, 
the Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date will be the next Payment Business Day.

--- Page 104 ---
M-67740053-19 
104 
9 
DISRUPTION EVENTS 
9.1 
Disruption Events 
The Calculation Agent (or, in the case of a service provider disruption in respect of the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Condition 9.1.2 (Disruption Events), the Issuer) may (but is not obliged to), with respect to 
any day, determine that one or more of the following disruption events has occurred or exists on such day 
with respect to a Series of Gold Securities (each such event a Disruption Event): 
9.1.1 
Gold Trading Disruption: either: 
(a) trading and/or settlement in Gold is subject to a material suspension or material limitation on 
the over-the-counter market participated in by members of the LBMA or any other primary 
exchange or trading facility for the trading of Gold; or  
(b) the over-the-counter market participated in by members of the LBMA or any other primary 
exchange or trading facility for the trading of the Gold is not open for trading for any reason 
(including a scheduled closure); or 
(c) trading in Gold on such over-the-counter market participated in by members of the LBMA or 
any other primary exchange or trading facility for the trading of Gold has been permanently 
discontinued or has disappeared; 
9.1.2 
Service Provider Disruption: save as otherwise agreed in the relevant Programme Document(s), if 
any of the Calculation Agent, all of the Custodian(s), the Administrator, all of the Authorised 
Participants, the Account Bank and/or the Gold Agent resigns or their appointment is terminated 
for any reason and a successor or replacement has not yet been appointed, for such time until a 
successor or replacement has been appointed or an Agent Redemption Event Notice has been 
given under Condition 8.2.2 (Compulsory Redemption Events) (or a Custody Redemption Event 
Notice has been given under Condition 8.2.3 (Compulsory Redemption Events)); and/or  
9.1.3 
Secured Accounts Disruption: any Gold held as Secured Property with respect to a Series has 
been lost or is inaccessible, other than where permitted in accordance with the Conditions and the 
Programme Documents. 
9.2 
Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices 
9.2.1 
If the Calculation Agent, on any day, determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists 
with respect to a Series, it may (but shall not be obliged to) on the immediately following Business 
Day give notice of the postponement and/or suspension of: 
(a) any request for the Subscription and/or Redemption of Gold Securities of such Series; 
(b) the settlement of any Subscription and/or Redemption of Gold Securities of such Series; and/or 
(c) any Compulsory Redemption Date (whether or not such date has yet been designated), any 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date and/or the delivery of any Gold or the payment of 
any amount (including any Net Redemption Sale Proceeds) in connection therewith, 
to the Issuer, the Authorised Participants, the Administrator, the Trustee, the Security Trustee 
and the Custodian, specifying: 
(i) 
the Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing on the relevant day; 
(ii) 
whether the suspension and/or postponement relating to such Disruption Event will be in 
respect of a single day (a Suspended Day) or for as long as the Disruption Event 
continues (a Suspension Period); and

--- Page 105 ---
M-67740053-19 
105 
(iii) which of the dates and/or events set out in Conditions 9.2.1(a) (Determination of 
Disruption Events and Suspension Notices) to 9.2.1(c) (Determination of Disruption 
Events and Suspension Notices) will be postponed and/or suspended on such 
Suspended Day or during such Suspension Period, as applicable (and, in determining 
this, the Calculation Agent shall consider whether the relevant Disruption Event would 
disrupt the actions required to be performed by the Issuer, any Authorised Participant 
and/or any other Programme Party in connection with a subscription of Gold Securities 
and/or a Redemption of Gold Securities), 
(such notice, a Suspension Notice). If the Suspension Notice is in respect of a Suspension 
Period, such period will end when the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer, the Authorised 
Participants, the Administrator, the Trustee, the Security Trustee and the Custodian that such 
suspension and/or postponement is over. 
9.2.2 
The Calculation Agent is not under any obligation to monitor whether or not a Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing on any day with respect to a Series of Gold unless a Suspension Notice 
has been given in respect of a Suspension Period in which case the Calculation Agent's obligation 
to monitor the relevant Disruption Event will continue until it has determined that such Disruption 
Event has ceased (following which it will give notification of the end of the Suspension Period in 
accordance with Condition 9.2.1) (Determination of Disruption Events and Suspension Notices). 
The Calculation Agent shall have no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any 
Custodian, any Securityholder, any Authorised Participant or any other person for any 
determination or non-determination that it makes in respect of the occurrence or existence of a 
Disruption Event. 
9.2.3 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt by it of a Suspension Notice, give 
notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
9.3 
Postponement relating to the Redemption of the Gold Securities 
9.3.1 
If, in respect of a Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent has specified in the related Suspension 
Notice that the Trade Date, Compulsory Redemption Date, Gold Sale Date and/or Redemption 
Settlement Date (a Disruption Postponable Date) shall be postponed until following the end of 
the Suspended Day or Suspension Period, then if any Disruption Postponable Date does occur on 
the Suspended Day or during the Suspension Period, such Disruption Postponable Date shall be 
deemed to have been postponed until the first following Non-Disrupted Day, provided that if no 
such Non-Disrupted Day has occurred on or prior to the 10th Business Day following such 
Disruption Postponable Date, the Issuer, acting in good faith and in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, shall determine an appropriate method for Redeeming the Gold Securities and 
determining the Trade Date, Compulsory Redemption Date, Gold Sale Date and/or Redemption 
Settlement Date, as applicable, for the purposes of such Redemption of the Gold Securities (a 
Disrupted Redemption Method). For the avoidance of doubt, if any Disruption Postponable Date 
is postponed in accordance with this Condition 9.3.1, then any other dates or periods determined 
by reference to such Disruption Postponable Date that have yet to occur or conclude as at the time 
of such postponement shall also be postponed or adjusted accordingly.  
9.3.2 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of any Disrupted 
Redemption Method, notify each relevant Programme Party and the relevant Securityholders of 
the details of such Disrupted Redemption Method in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
9.3.3 
No additional amount shall be payable or deliverable to any Authorised Participant or any 
Securityholder in connection with any postponement to the timing, or any amendment to the 
method, in each case in accordance with Condition 9.3.1 (Postponement relating to the 
Redemption of the Gold Securities), of Redemption of the Gold Securities.

--- Page 106 ---
M-67740053-19 
106 
10 
PAYMENTS, CALCULATIONS, AGENTS AND RECORDS 
10.1 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments or deliveries in respect of the Gold Securities shall be made net of, and after allowance for, any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any Tax applies to payments or deliveries in respect of the Gold Securities, the 
Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to 
compensate for any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such withholding 
or deduction. 
10.2 
Payments 
For as long as the Gold Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a Relevant Clearing 
System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a Common Depositary, Common Safekeeper or 
nominee, as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Conditions to make payments or deliveries in respect of the Gold Securities will be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global Security, subject to and in accordance with the terms of such 
Global Security. Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning Gold 
Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his 
share of any payment made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the Global Security. Payments 
made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as owning any Gold Security 
represented by the Global Security shall be subject to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
10.3 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments and/or deliveries (as applicable) in respect of the Gold Securities are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
10.4 
Calculations 
10.4.1 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such time as 
the Calculation Agent is required in accordance with the Calculation Agency Agreement and the 
Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and obligations as are required 
to be performed by it in accordance therewith.  
10.4.2 
The calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in good faith and 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Securityholders and 
the Programme Parties. 
10.5 
Calculation by an alternative agent 
If at any time after the Security in respect of a Series of Gold Securities has become enforceable pursuant 
to Condition 6.1 (Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents) and the Calculation Agent 
does not make any calculation relating to the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security or any Redemption amount 
when required pursuant to the Conditions and the Programme Documents then the Issuer will appoint an 
alternative agent on its behalf to make any calculation in place of the Calculation Agent. Any such calculation 
shall, for the purposes of the Conditions and the Programme Documents be deemed to have been made by 
the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the provisions of the Conditions and/or 
the relevant Programme Document(s), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in 
its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances. The Trustee shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in

--- Page 107 ---
M-67740053-19 
107 
tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the Securityholders or any Programme Party for any calculations (or any 
delay or failure in making any calculation) so made and will not be obliged to make such determination itself. 
10.6 
Calculation Agent 
10.6.1 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Issuer shall use 
all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent for so long as 
any of the Gold Securities are Outstanding. If the Calculation Agent resigns or its appointment is 
terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity 
that provides services of a similar type to those required of the Calculation Agent under the 
Relevant Provisions or a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity or over-the-counter commodity futures and options or 
index options market) that the Issuer reasonably determines is capable of making the calculation(s) 
required to be made by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as such in its 
place. 
10.6.2 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or 
otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other person for 
any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the performance by 
the Calculation Agent of its obligations under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Conditions 
and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall relieve the Calculation Agent from 
any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence 
of the Calculation Agent (any such act or omission, a Calculation Agent Breach). 
(a) If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6.2, be held liable for 
any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall 
nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Programme Party or 
any other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly from either (i) the 
failure by any other Programme Party to provide any notice, instruction or direction which such 
Programme Party is required or permitted to give under the Conditions or any relevant 
Programme Document or Security Document, or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any other 
Programme Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Programme Party is 
required or permitted to give to the Calculation Agent under the Conditions or any relevant 
Programme Document or Security Document. 
(b) If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6.2, be held liable for 
any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall 
nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Programme Party or 
any other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly from the reliance 
by the Calculation Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value or other calculation or 
determination notified to the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions and/or any relevant 
Programme Document or Security Document which is made by another Programme Party in 
accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Programme Document or 
Security Document. 
10.6.3 
The Calculation Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with any 
Securityholder. 
10.6.4 
The Calculation Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in the 
Conditions, the Calculation Agency Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and no implied 
or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Calculation Agency Agreement 
against or on the part of the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will not, and will not be 
deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person under 
the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Programme Document or Security Document unless 
otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions.

--- Page 108 ---
M-67740053-19 
108 
10.7 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Administration Agreement, Account Bank Agreement, Agency Agreement, Gold Agent Agreement, Master 
Swap Agreement or Calculation Agency Agreement as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Administrator, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, the Gold Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the 
Issuing Agent, the Paying Agent or any Registrar or Transfer Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Registrars, Transfer Agents, Administrators, Issuing Agents, Paying Agents, Gold Agents, Swap 
Counterparties, Account Banks or Calculation Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic 
termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar 
event or proceedings in the relevant Programme Documents or Security Documents, the Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an Administrator, (ii) a Gold Agent, (iii) a Calculation Agent, 
(iv) an Issuing Agent, (v) a Paying Agent, (vi) a Swap Counterparty, (vii) an Account Bank and (ix) such other 
agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Gold Securities may be listed, in each case, 
as approved by the Trustee. Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent 
shall promptly be given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default has occurred in relation to the 
Gold Securities, the Trustee may (i) by notice in writing to the Issuer, the Administrator, the Account Bank, 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Gold Agent, the Swap Counterparty, the Issuing Agent, the Paying 
Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, require any and all of such Agents, until notified by the Trustee to the 
contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as agent of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and 
the Gold Securities mutatis mutandis on the terms of the Administration Agreement, Account Bank 
Agreement, Gold Agent Agreement, Master Swap Agreement or Agency Agreement, as applicable (with 
consequential amendments as necessary) and except that the Trustee's liability for the indemnification, 
remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if any) shall be limited to the amounts for the time being 
held by the Trustee in respect of the Gold Securities on the terms of the Trust Deed and which are available 
(after application in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in Condition 6.3 (Application of 
proceeds of enforcement of Security) to discharge such liability); or (b) deliver the Gold Securities and all 
monies, documents and records held by them in respect of the Gold Securities to or to the order of the 
Trustee or as the Trustee directs in such notice, and (ii) by notice in writing to the Issuer require it to make 
all subsequent payments in respect of the Gold Securities to or to the order of the Trustee and not to the 
Administrator and/or the Registrar (as the case may be) with effect from the receipt of any such notice by the 
Issuer. 
10.8 
Business day convention and non-Payment Business Days 
10.8.1 
If any date for payment in respect of any Gold Security is not a Payment Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
10.8.2 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, 
then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day. 
10.9 
Records 
For so long as the Gold Securities are represented by a Global Security in NGN form, the records of the 
Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 10.9 (Records) means the records that each 
Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customers' interests in 
the Gold Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of the number of the Gold Securities represented by the 
Global Security and, for these purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System (which 
statement shall be made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of Gold Securities 
represented by the Global Security at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System at that time.

--- Page 109 ---
M-67740053-19 
109 
10.10 Negotiability of Global Bearer Security 
A Global Bearer Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
10.10.1 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee all 
rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations appertaining 
hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
10.10.2 
the holder of the Global Bearer Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all previous 
holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable or deliverable upon Redemption or 
otherwise payable or deliverable in respect of the Global Bearer Security and the Issuer waives as 
against such holder and any previous holder of the Global Bearer Security all rights of set-off or 
counterclaim that would or might otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced 
by the Global Bearer Security; and 
10.10.3 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Security will operate as a good discharge 
against such holder and all previous holders of the Global Bearer Security. 
10.11 Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (i) 
all amounts of Gold to be delivered to the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce, 
(ii) all amounts of Gold to be delivered by the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest 0.001 fine troy ounce 
(iii) all amounts of cash in the Relevant Currency to be paid to the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest 
USD 0.01 (if the Relevant Currency is USD) or as specified in the Final Terms (if the Relevant Currency is 
not USD), and (iv) all amounts of cash in USD to be paid by the Issuer shall be rounded down to the nearest 
USD 0.01 (if the Relevant Currency is USD) or as specified in the Final Terms (if the Relevant Currency is 
not USD), in each case as may be adjusted by the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) from time 
to time, including to reflect changes in rounding conventions in the trading of Gold or payments in the 
Relevant Currency. 
11 
RESTRICTIONS 
11.1 
So long as any of the Gold Securities of any Series remain Outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior 
written consent of the Trustee and Zipa Management: 
11.1.1 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any of the 
following activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental thereto): 
(a) issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or resell all 
or some only of the Gold Securities of any Series under the Programme as may be provided 
in these Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Programme Documents and in connection 
therewith enter into or amend any Programme Documents or Security Documents accordingly; 
(b) acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured Property for 
a Series of Gold Securities issued under the Programme so as to enable it to discharge its 
obligations under such Series, and any relevant Programme Document or Security Document 
relating to such Series; 
(c) perform its respective obligations under any Gold Securities issued under the Programme, and 
any relevant Programme Document or Security Document entered into by it in connection with 
such Series, and any agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating to any such 
Series of Gold Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of Gold 
Securities issued under the Programme;

--- Page 110 ---
M-67740053-19 
110 
(d) engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property or any other Programme Document 
or Security Document contemplated or permitted by the Conditions or such Programme 
Document or Security Document relating to any Series of Gold Securities; 
(e) subject as provided in the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Deed and in the 
Conditions relating to any Series of Gold Securities enforce any of its rights whether under the 
relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Deed, any other Programme Document, Security 
Document or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to any Series of Gold 
Securities or any Secured Property relating to any such Series; 
(f) issue unsecured debt securities, on the conditions that (i) the proceeds of such debt securities 
shall be used by the Issuer to disburse loans to the holder(s) of such debt securities; and (ii) 
the holder of such debt securities shall have no right to enforce the obligations of the Issuer 
thereunder; and 
(g) perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above (which 
shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other administrative or 
management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to keep it operating and/or to 
comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it); 
11.1.2 
cause or permit the terms of the Security granted under the Trust Deed or the applicable Security 
Deed and the order of priority specified in the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the applicable 
Security Deed, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as 
contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security Deed, and/or the Conditions relating to such 
Series of Gold Securities); 
11.1.3 
release any party to the relevant Trust Deed, the applicable Security Deed or any other relevant 
Programme Document or Security Document relating to a Series of Gold Securities from any 
existing obligations thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, Security 
Deed, and/or the Conditions relating to such Series of Gold Securities); 
11.1.4 
have any subsidiaries; 
11.1.5 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of the Security constituted by 
the Trust Deed or each relevant Security Document or any other part of the Secured Property in 
respect of any Series of Gold Securities or Secured Property or any right or interest therein or 
thereto or create or allow to exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Secured 
Property (to the extent it relates to the Issuer) except in accordance with the Conditions of the 
relevant Gold Securities of any such Series, the Gold Agent Agreement, the relevant Trust Deed 
for any such Series, the applicable Security Deed and any other Programme Document relating to 
any such Series as may be applicable; 
11.1.6 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of 
any of the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed, any Security Deed or any other Programme 
Document or Security Document relating to any Series of Gold Securities (other than as 
contemplated or permitted by the Conditions and the relevant Programme Documents or Security 
Documents); 
11.1.7 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed, 
any Security Deed and the Conditions for any Series of Gold Securities); 
11.1.8 
have any employees; 
11.1.9 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the time of 
its incorporation) or make any distribution to its shareholders;

--- Page 111 ---
M-67740053-19 
111 
11.1.10 
declare any dividends; 
11.1.11 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such account 
(i) relates to a Series of Gold Securities, a Custody Agreement, any Secured Property relating to 
a Series of Gold Securities or any party thereto and the Issuer's interest in such account is 
simultaneously charged in favour of the Security Trustee, so as to form part of the relevant Secured 
Property relating to such Series of Gold Securities, or (ii) is opened in connection with the 
administration and management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are 
credited to it; 
11.1.12 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities); 
11.1.13 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter 
into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of 
such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
11.1.14 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
11.1.15 
except as contemplated by any relevant Programme Document, Security Document, the 
Conditions relating to a Series of Gold Securities, and/or the agreements contemplated by 
Condition 11.1.6 (Restrictions) above, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but 
not limited to, the rights, property or other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such 
Series of Gold Securities, to any other entity or person; 
11.1.16 
subject as provided in paragraph 11.1.1 above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, other than (subject to Conditions 6 (Security) and 16 (Issue of Further Tranches and 
Series of Gold Securities)) issuing further Gold Securities under the Programme (which may or 
may not form a single Series with the Gold Securities of any Series and may or may not be 
guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further obligations relating to such Gold 
Securities, provided that: 
(a) if such further Gold Securities are not to form a single Series with any other Series of Gold 
Securities, such further Gold Securities and obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer 
other than (i) the assets which are the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Trust 
Deed relating to any other Series of Gold Securities, and (ii) the Issuer's share capital; and 
(b) such further Gold Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets which are 
the subject of the Security constituted by the relevant Security Document relating to the Series 
of Gold Securities with which such Gold Securities are to form a single Series, all in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Issue of further Tranches and Series of Gold Securities) of the relevant 
Series of Gold Securities, 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the Trustee 
is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer 
as specified in its memorandum and articles of association. 
12 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the Gold Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of Principal 
in respect of the Gold Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money payable was improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount Outstanding was made or (if earlier) the 
date 7 days after that on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, upon further presentation of 
the Security being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation (such date the Relevant Date) save that if the Gold

--- Page 112 ---
M-67740053-19 
112 
Securities are in global bearer form claims in respect of Principal in respect of the relevant Global Bearer 
Security shall become void unless the Global Bearer Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 
years from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13 
ENFORCEMENT 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its absolute discretion and without further 
notice, direct the Security Trustee to take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, 
as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the holders of the Gold Securities against the Issuer whether the 
same arise under general law, the Trust Deed or the Gold Securities, any other relevant Programme 
Document or otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings 
unless, in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the Gold Securities then Outstanding and 
it shall have been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. Each Series of 
Securityholders shall act independently in directing the Trustee to take such action as set out in this Condition 
13 (Enforcement), and any action so taken by the Trustee shall relate only to the right of the Securityholders 
of such applicable Series of Gold Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall not be bound to 
exercise any discretion to take any action, step or proceeding and shall not be held liable for the 
consequences of (i) exercising its discretion to take any action, step or institute any proceeding or (ii) not 
exercising its discretion to take any action, step or institute any proceeding, as the case may be. 
None of the holders of the Gold Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Security Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Security Deeds, fails 
or is unable to do so within 60 days following such direction and provision of prefunding and/or security 
and/or indemnity neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
None of the Secured Parties shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Security 
Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the applicable Security Deed, 
fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The Securityholders acknowledge and agree that only the Security Trustee, may enforce the Security over 
the Secured Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Trust Deed and each relevant 
Security Deed. 
The Security Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by any 
Security Document which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation, or (ii) cause it to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) in the performance 
of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without first being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
14 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, SUBSTITUTION AND 
RESTRICTIONS  
14.1 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening Meetings of the Securityholders to each Series of Gold 
Securities to consider any matter affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution 
of the relevant Series of Gold Securities (including these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust Deed 
insofar as the same may apply to such Series of Gold Securities). 
The quorum at any such Meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Securityholders 
of the relevant Series of Gold Securities of the relevant Series of Gold Securities or agents present in person 
holding or representing in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the number of the Gold Securities of such 
Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned such meeting, two or more Securityholders of the 
relevant Series of Gold Securities or agents present in person being or representing Securityholders of such 
Series, whatever the number of the Gold Securities of such Series so held or represented, and an

--- Page 113 ---
M-67740053-19 
113 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such Meeting shall be binding on all the Securityholders, of 
such Series whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or Redemption of the Gold Securities of such Series, (ii) to reduce or cancel the 
Principal Amount payable on Redemption of, the Gold Securities of such Series, (iii) to change any method 
of calculating the Net Redemption Sale Proceeds or Gold Entitlement per Gold Security, (iv) to change the 
currency or currencies of payment or Principal Amount of the Gold Securities, (v) to take any steps which, 
as specified in the Trust Deed, may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which 
this exception applies, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any Meeting of 
Securityholders of such Series or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) to modify 
the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this exception, or (viii) to modify any other provisions specifically 
identified for this purpose in the Trust Deed, or an applicable relevant Security Deed (each a Basic Terms 
Modification), will only be binding if passed at a Meeting of the Securityholders of such Series, the quorum 
at which shall be two or more Securityholders of the relevant such Series of Gold Securities or agents present 
in person holding or representing in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent. of the number of Gold Securities 
of the relevant such Series of Gold Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting, 
two or more Securityholders of such Series or agents present in person being or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 10 per cent. of the number of the Gold Securities of such Series so held or 
represented (provided that at an adjourned meeting convened for the purpose of reducing the Principal 
Amount of the Gold Securities following a Threshold Event Date, the quorum shall be two or more 
Securityholders of the relevant Series of Gold Securities or agents whatever the number of Gold Securities 
so held or represented). The holder of a Bearer Security or Registered Security in global form representing 
all of the Gold Securities for the time being outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the purposes 
of such quorum requirements. A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the Gold Securities of the relevant Series of Gold Securities for the 
time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a Meeting of Securityholders of such Series . 
14.2 
Modification of the relevant Programme Documents and Security Documents 
14.2.1 
Subject to Condition 14.3.6 (Substitution), each of the Trustee may agree, without the consent of 
the Securityholders, to (i) any modification (other than a Basic Terms Modification) to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee is a party 
which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct 
a manifest error or is necessary or desirable for the operational functioning of the Programme, (ii) 
any modification (other than a Basic Terms Modification) to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee is a party which is made in connection 
with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the Programme (an AP Modification) 
provided that the Issuer has certified in writing to the Trustee that any such modification is (a) in 
its opinion not materially prejudicial to the interests of any Series of Securityholder, and (b) has 
been drafted solely for the purposes of an AP Modification upon which certification the Trustee 
may rely without any obligation to investigate or verify or form its own opinion, and (iii) any other 
modification (other than a Basic Terms Modification), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or 
any other Programme Document to which the Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. Any such modification, 
authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Securityholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such 
modification will be notified by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. 
14.2.2 
Without prejudice to 14.2.1(ii), the Issuer may agree without the consent of the Trustee to enter 
into an Authorised Participant Agreement with a new Authorised Participant. 
14.3 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, but subject to the prior consent of each 
Authorised Participant, agree to the substitution, in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the

--- Page 114 ---
M-67740053-19 
114 
principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents or Security Documents to which it 
is a party and the Gold Securities of each Series, of any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) 
(any such substitute company being the Substituted Obligor),if the following conditions are satisfied: 
14.3.1 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, any Security Deed 
and the Gold Securities of each Series (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust Deed, each Security 
Deed and the Gold Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
14.3.2 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Secured 
Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed and 
any Security Deed and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the Security 
constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured Property as was 
originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
14.3.3 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor's financial condition, 
profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
14.3.4 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in connection with the 
assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its 
obligations under, the Gold Securities of each Series and any Programme Document and Security 
Document have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution 
in full force and effect; 
14.3.5 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that each relevant 
Programme Party will execute such other deeds, documents and instruments (if any) as the 
Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully effective and comply with such other 
requirements in the interests of the Securityholders as the Trustee may direct; 
14.3.6 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the holders of the Gold Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to time governing 
such Gold Securities and/or the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or any 
Security Deed, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of such Securityholders; 
14.3.7 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee may 
direct in the interests of the Securityholders; and 
14.3.8 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 14.3 (Substitution) and the Trust Deed will, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the Trust 
Deed, the Gold Securities and the other relevant Programme Documents and Security Documents. The 
Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the 
execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 14.3 (Substitution) and the Trust Deed, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Programme 
Documents and Security Documents and the Gold Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer 
(or of any previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents and 
Security Documents and the Gold Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to 
the substitution.

--- Page 115 ---
M-67740053-19 
115 
14.4 
Entitlement of the Trustee and Security Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions under the 
relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a 
Series and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders and the 
Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
Securityholders.  
So long as the Gold Securities are in global form and such Global Security is held by or on behalf of the 
Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of Securityholders, the Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to any such Global Security 
and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or participants were the holder(s) 
thereof. 
14.5 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
Gold Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to 
recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of Gold Securities who contravenes 
such prohibition to void the transfer of such Gold Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem 
any such Gold Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by 
compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Gold Securities on behalf of 
such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefore or the market value (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security prevailing at the time such transfer is 
voided. Terms used in this Condition 14.5 (Prohibition on U.S. persons) have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
14.6 
ERISA prohibition 
Gold Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the assets of, 
(a)(i) an Employee Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility requirements 
of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the Code) applies (a Plan), or (iii) an entity whose constituent assets include Plan Assets (as 
determined pursuant to the Plan Assets Regulation issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 
C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit 
Plan's or Plan's investment in the entity or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan 
that is subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a Similar Law) unless its acquisition and holding and 
disposition of such Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a violation of such Similar 
Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal 
or beneficial owner of Gold Securities who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such Gold 
Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such Gold Securities held by such legal or 
beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial 
owner or by the Issuer selling such Gold Securities on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser 
of the purchase price therefore or the market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 
14.6 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
15 
REPLACEMENT OF GOLD SECURITIES 
If a Gold Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing Agent, or such other Agent as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be designated

--- Page 116 ---
M-67740053-19 
116 
by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Securityholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Gold 
Security is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Gold Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Gold Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16 
ISSUE OF FURTHER TRANCHES AND SERIES OF GOLD SECURITIES 
16.1 
Further Tranches and Series 
16.1.1 
Subject to Condition 6 (Security), the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the 
Trustee or any Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the 
Authorised Participant Agreement(s), create and issue further securities either having the same 
terms and conditions as the Gold Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the Gold Securities or upon such terms as the Issuer 
may determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities. 
16.1.2 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the Gold 
Securities by delivering a valid Subscription Form subject to and in accordance with the terms of 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
16.1.3 
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Form and issue Gold Securities if: 
(a) a Subscription Form is determined to be valid by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
(b) the acceptance of such Subscription Form will not cause the Programme Maximum Number 
of Gold Securities to be exceeded;  
(c) the number of Gold Securities that are the subject of the Subscription Form is greater than the 
Subscription Minimum (defined below); and 
(d) all other conditions precedent to an issue of the Gold Securities (including, without limitation, 
payment of the Subscription Fee) are satisfied.  
16.1.4 
In any event, the Issuer is entitled to reject any Subscription Form at any time, at its discretion. 
16.1.5 
Without prejudice to Condition 9 (Disruption Events), the Issuer may suspend the issuance of 
further Gold Securities at any time. If a Subscription Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not 
accept any Subscription Forms for the Gold Securities with effect from the date of suspension 
specified in the relevant notice to the Calculation Agent and the Authorised Participants until such 
time (if any) as the Issuer notifies such Programme Parties that it shall recommence the issue of 
further Tranches of the Gold Securities. The effective date of any such suspension will be specified 
in the related notice and will be a day not earlier than the Business Day following the date of such 
notice. The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
of any such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any notice of suspension 
of subscriptions. 
16.1.6 
In relation to any Subscription Form which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in 
respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Form shall automatically be cancelled 
with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default. 
16.1.7 
In relation to any Subscription Form which is valid but in respect of which the Gold Securities are 
pending issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the Compulsory 
Redemption Date or the date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (due to the

--- Page 117 ---
M-67740053-19 
117 
Subscription Settlement Date not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised Participant 
not having delivered in full the relevant Subscription Amount on a Subscription Settlement Date 
falling prior to such date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Form shall automatically be 
cancelled with effect from such Compulsory Redemption Date or date of delivery of an Event of 
Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).  
16.1.8 
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the 
relevant Authorised Participant has not delivered the related Subscription Amount a Compulsory 
Redemption Event occurs or an Event of Default Redemption Notice is delivered, the Gold 
Securities issued on any such Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement to the 
relevant Authorised Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of the 
occurrence of such Compulsory Redemption Date or date of delivery of an Event of Default 
Redemption Notice (as applicable). Gold Securities requested for issue and Subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and 
offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
16.1.9 
Any new securities forming a single Series with the Gold Securities and which are expressed to 
be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deeds relating to such Series will, 
upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by such 
Security Deeds without any further formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such 
securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction in the Trust Deed or the Programme 
Maximum Number of Gold Securities and shall be secured by the Secured Property (as increased 
and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new securities) and references in these 
Conditions to Secured Parties, Secured Property, Secured Liabilities and Gold Securities 
shall be construed accordingly. 
16.2 
Consolidation and division of Tranches and Series  
The Issuer may consolidate or divide all of the Gold Securities into Gold Securities of the same Series but 
with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and Gold Entitlement (if applicable). Such 
consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
Whenever as a result of consolidation of Gold Securities a Securityholder would become entitled to a fraction 
of a Gold Security the Issuer will Redeem such fractional Gold Security. 
17 
NOTICES 
17.1 
All notices to holders of Gold Securities shall be valid if: 
17.1.1 
they are published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed to 
have been received by the holders; or 
17.1.2 
for so long as the Gold Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, they are published 
in accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant 
authority; or 
17.1.3 
for so long as the Gold Securities are in global form, notices required to be given in respect of the 
Gold Securities represented by a Global Security are given by their being delivered (so long as the 
Global Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing System, 
or otherwise to the holder of the Global Security, rather than by publication as required above. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Gold Securities on the 
Payment Business Day immediately following the day on which the notice was given to the 
Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 118 ---
M-67740053-19 
118 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
18 
RELEVANT CLEARING SYSTEM 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by the Relevant 
Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of their respective obligations under the 
rules and procedures governing their operations. 
19 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, each relevant Irish Security Deed and the Gold Securities (including any Global Security), 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Irish law. 
19.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Ireland have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Gold Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any Gold Securities (Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the 
ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any 
of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not).

--- Page 119 ---
M-67740053-19 
119 
SECTION 12 – TAX 
A. 
General  
The section contains a general discussion of the anticipated tax treatment of Securityholders in certain 
countries in respect of Gold Securities. This section is limited to Ireland and the United Kingdom. The 
discussion is based on laws, regulations, rulings and decisions (and interpretations thereof) currently in 
effect, all of which are subject to change. Any such change may have retroactive effect. The discussion is 
intended for general information only, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Gold Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the Gold 
Securities, and/or receipt of payments under Gold Securities may result in tax consequences to any investor, 
which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction of residence, domicile, 
citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors should consult their own 
professional advisors concerning such possible tax consequences. 
The following statements are by way of a general guide to potential investors only and do not constitute legal 
or tax advice. Potential investors are therefore advised to consult their professional advisors concerning the 
income and other possible taxation consequences of purchasing, holding, selling or otherwise disposing of 
the Gold Securities under the laws of their jurisdiction.  
Shareholders and potential investors should note that the following statements on taxation are based on 
advice received by the Issuer regarding the law and practice in force in the relevant jurisdiction at the 
Prospectus Date and proposed regulations and legislation in draft form. As is the case with any investment, 
there can be no guarantee that the tax position or proposed tax position prevailing at the time an investment 
in Gold Securities is made will endure indefinitely. 
B. 
Taxation – Ireland 
The following is a summary of the principal withholding Irish tax consequences for individuals and companies 
of ownership of the Gold Securities based on the laws and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change. It deals with Securityholders who beneficially own 
their Gold Securities as an investment. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of 
taxpayers holding Gold Securities, such as dealers in securities, trusts etc. The summary does not constitute 
tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only.   
While it is noted that the Gold Securities do not give rise to periodic interest payments, the below provisions 
should apply to any payments on the Gold Securities in excess of return of the principal amount of the Gold 
Security to be treated as a payment of interest. Prospective investors in the Gold Securities should consult 
their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Gold 
Securities and the receipt of any return thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or 
domicile.  
Withholding Tax   
In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax from a payment of interest on a Gold Security so long as interest paid on the 
relevant Gold Security does not come within certain anti-avoidance rules and meets the following conditions:  
(i) 
the Gold Securities are quoted Eurobonds i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as the 
Issuer), which are listed on a recognised stock exchange and which carry a right to interest; and  
(ii) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland, 
either:

--- Page 120 ---
M-67740053-19 
120 
(a) 
the Gold Securities are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners; (DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so 
recognised); or  
(b) 
the holder of the Gold Securities is beneficially entitled to interest payable in respect of the 
Gold Securities, is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to a relevant person 
(such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form; and  
(iii) 
interest which is profit dependent and which is paid out on the Gold Securities could, under certain 
anti-avoidance provisions, be re-characterised as a distribution and subject to dividend withholding 
tax in certain circumstances. However, this should not apply where, at the time the Gold Securities 
were issued, the Issuer was not in possession or aware of any information which could reasonably 
be taken to indicate that interest or other distributions paid on the Gold Securities would not be 
subject, without reduction computed by reference to the amount of such interest or other distribution, 
to a tax in a relevant territory which generally applies to profits, income or gains received in that 
relevant territory by persons from sources outside that relevant territory, where the term "relevant 
territory" means a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or a country with which 
Ireland has signed a double tax treaty (each, a Relevant Territory).  
Thus, so long as the Gold Securities continue to be quoted on Xetra, are held in DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and the Issuer satisfies paragraph (iii) above, interest on the Gold Securities can 
be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer free of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax. If the Gold Securities continue to be quoted but cease to be held in a recognised 
clearing system, interest on the Gold Securities may be paid without any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a paying agent outside Ireland and the 
Issuer has provided the confirmations set out in paragraph (iii) above.   
Encashment Tax  
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. from a payment on any Gold Security where 
such payment is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any holder of 
the Gold Securities. There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of the interest 
is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment 
agent or bank; or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish 
corporation tax in respect of the interest.  
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Gold Securities 
provided the Issuer is a qualifying company for the purposes of Section 110 of the TCA and the proceeds of 
the issuance of the Gold Securities are used in the course of the Issuer's business (on the basis of an 
exemption provided for in Section 85(2)(c) of the Irish Stamp Duties Consolidation Act 1999).  
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I - Interest Limitation Rules 
Finance Act 2021 introduced interest limitation rules (ILR) into Irish domestic legislation in line with the 
provisions of Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive I, which required EU member states to introduce fixed ratio rules 
which limit interest deductibility to a prescribed level of EBITDA. The rules were introduced with effect from 
1 January 2022 and as such will apply to all taxpayers with accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 
2022. The maximum permitted interest/EBITDA ratio under the ILR is 30%. The implementing legislation 
contains a number of relieving provisions from ILR restrictions, notably two group provisions which offer relief 
from the ILR restriction. These include the equity ratio rule and the group ratio rule. 
The equity ratio rule set out in Section 835AAI TCA 1997 effectively allows a taxpayer to fully deduct its 
“exceeding borrowing costs” if it can demonstrate that the ratio of equity over total assets is either greater

--- Page 121 ---
M-67740053-19 
121 
than, equal to or not more than two percentage less than the single company worldwide group’s ratio of 
equity over total assets. 
The ratio of equity over total assets should be calculated by the formula E/A where: 
• 
E is the equity of the company, including share capital, share premium, and reserves; and 
• 
A is the total assets of the company. 
Alternatively, the group ratio rule under Section 835AAH TCA 1997 calculates a company’s exceeding 
borrowing costs as a percentage of its group EBITDA. If the group’s ratio percentage is higher than 30% for 
an accounting period, the taxpayer is permitted to elect to use the higher figure when calculating any interest 
restriction amount.  
The group ratio is calculated as follows: 
Group exceeding borrowing costs 
Group EBITDA 
The legislation provides that “group exceeding borrowing costs” means an amount included in respect of net 
finance expense (excluding any amount of finance income or finance expense in respect of a qualifying long-
term infrastructure project) in the ultimate consolidated financial statements of the group for which the Irish 
taxpayer is a member. 
The Issuer expects to be able to rely upon the aforementioned group relieving provisions to negate the impact 
of the ILR rules.  
C. 
Taxation – United Kingdom 
This section summarises certain limited aspects of the UK tax treatment of holding Gold Securities. They are 
based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs practice, both of which are subject to change, possibly 
with retrospective effect. Unless otherwise stated, this summary relates solely to Securityholders (i) who are 
individuals acting in a private capacity and domiciled and resident in the UK for tax purposes, (ii) which are 
within the charge to UK corporation tax and holding Gold Securities as an investment or (iii) which are UK 
open-ended investment companies or authorised unit trust schemes. The statements in this summary are 
intended only as a general guide, and they should be treated with appropriate caution. Any person who is 
contemplating acquiring Gold Securities (whether or not pursuant to the Programme) is strongly 
recommended to consult their independent professional adviser immediately. 
The Issuer 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer should be managed and conducted so that it should not 
become resident in the UK for UK tax purposes. Accordingly, and provided that the Issuer does not carry on 
a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein for UK corporation tax purposes or 
through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would bring the Issuer within the charge to UK income 
tax, the Issuer will not be subject to UK corporation tax or income tax on income and capital gains arising to 
it. The Directors intend that the affairs of the Issuer are conducted so that no such permanent establishment, 
branch or agency will arise insofar as this is within their control, but it cannot be guaranteed that the conditions 
necessary to prevent any such permanent establishment, branch or agency coming into being will at all times 
be satisfied.  
Withholding tax  
Any payments made by the Issuer to Securityholders will not be interest, annual payments, or royalties and 
so the requirement to withhold does not arise. Consequently, no payments made by the Issuer to

--- Page 122 ---
M-67740053-19 
122 
Securityholders in respect of Gold Securities should be required to be made under deduction or withholding 
for or on account of UK tax.  
Capital gains tax (for individual Securityholders)  
If the Gold Securities are not treated as deeply discounted securities for UK tax purposes (otherwise than by 
relying on the exemption for “excluded indexed securities”), any gains accruing to a Securityholder upon the 
sale, redemption or other disposal of Gold Securities will be taxed as income and not as a capital gain, unless 
the Issuer achieves certification as a “reporting fund”.  
Based on HM Revenue & Customs practice, the Issuer has grounds to believe that the Gold Securities should 
not be treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes (otherwise than by relying on the 
exemption for “excluded indexed securities”), however investors should obtain their own tax advice in relation 
to this.  
The Issuer has received certification from HM Revenue & Customs as a “reporting fund” with effect for its 
first accounting period. While it is expected that certification as a “reporting fund” will be obtained and 
maintained for all accounting periods, this cannot be guaranteed.  
Note that, under the reporting fund rules, the Issuer is required to report to Securityholders all of the net 
income attributable to the Gold Securities. However, it is not expected that any such reportable income will 
arise in respect of the Gold Securities. 
Income tax (for individual Securityholders)  
If the Gold Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, any profit arising to 
an individual Securityholder on transfer or redemption of a Gold Security will be subject to income tax and 
not to capital gains tax.  
Corporation tax  
In general, a Securityholder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes as realising 
profits, gains or losses in respect of Gold Securities on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory 
accounts, in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice. These profits, gains or losses (which 
will include any profits, gains or losses on a disposal or redemption of Gold Securities and which may include 
fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains and losses) will be treated as income profits or losses 
for the purposes of a Securityholder’s corporation tax computation.  
UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes  
Although UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally subject to 
UK corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.), they are exempt from tax on capital 
gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 2006 (S.I. No. 2006/964) provides an 
exemption for capital profits, gains or losses accruing to UK open-ended investment companies and 
authorised unit trust schemes (other than qualified investor schemes which do not meet the genuine diversity 
of ownership condition) on creditor loan relationships and derivative contracts. In this respect, capital profits, 
gains or losses are those which, in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, fall to be 
dealt with in the statement of total return (under the heading of “net capital gains/losses”) in accordance with 
the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. In addition, Part 2B of those Regulations treats all capital 
profits, gains and losses (determined in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as 
described above) arising to a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust, which meets the 
genuine diversity of ownership condition, from an “investment transaction” (which includes loan relationships 
and derivative contracts) as a non-trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. These Parts of the 
Regulations will determine whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a Securityholder which is a UK 
open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust scheme (other than a qualified investor scheme

--- Page 123 ---
M-67740053-19 
123 
which does not meet the genuine diversity of ownership condition) in respect of Gold Securities will be exempt 
from tax.  
Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax (SDRT)  
Provided that the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Issuer in the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT 
will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of, or agreement to transfer, Gold Securities in 
Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Gold Securities held in Certificated Form, provided that (i) the Register is not kept by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not executed in the UK; and (iii) any instrument 
of transfer does not relate to any property situated or to any matter or thing done or to be done in the UK, 
neither stamp duty nor SDRT will be payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of Gold Securities.  
The Redemption of Gold Securities will not give rise to stamp duty or SDRT.  
Inheritance tax (for individual Securityholders)  
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Gold Security may form part of the value of the estate of a 
Securityholder who is an individual domiciled (or treated as domiciled) in the UK, and inheritance tax may 
(subject to certain exemptions and reliefs) become payable in respect of the value of a Gold Security on a 
gift of that Gold Security by, or on the death of, such a Securityholder. Such a tax charge may be subject to 
appropriate provisions in any applicable double taxation treaty.  
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Common Reporting Standard and 
the Directive on Administrative Co-operation  
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (CRS) to address the issue of 
offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial 
institutions, and automatically exchange with other participating tax authorities in which the investors of the 
reporting financial institutions are tax resident on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all 
reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting 
procedures.  
The Directive on Administrative Co-operation (DAC) provides a similar regime for automatic exchange of 
information within the EU. Ireland has implemented both the CRS and the DAC. As a result, the Issuer is 
required to comply with the CRS/DAC due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Ireland.  
Securityholders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the CRS/DAC. Failure to provide requested information may subject an investor to 
liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Gold Securities.

--- Page 124 ---
M-67740053-19 
124 
SECTION 13 – CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
A. 
Issue 
The Gold Securities may be issued: 
(a) 
in bearer form (whether in NGN form or CGN form) and serially numbered, as Bearer Securities; 
and 
(b) 
in registered form (whether in global registered form using the new safekeeping structure and in 
CGN form) as Registered Securities. 
All Registered Securities of the same Series shall have the same Principal Amount.  
B. 
Form and Title  
Title to the Bearer Securities shall pass by delivery.  
Title to the Registered Securities shall pass by registration in the Register.  
C. 
Relevant Clearing System  
Custodial or safekeeping links have been (or will be) established with the Relevant Clearing System. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, settlement of transactions in the Gold Securities will take place within Euroclear 
and Clearstream. 
D 
Euroclear and Clearstream  
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for participating organisations and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between their respective participants through electronic book-entry 
changes in accounts of such participants.   
Euroclear and Clearstream provide to their respective participants (Participants), services including: 
(a) 
safekeeping and administration; 
(b) 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities; and  
(c) 
securities lending and borrowing.  
Persons who clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Participant can access these services 
either directly or indirectly. 
Distributions of principal with respect to book-entry interests in the Gold Securities held through Euroclear 
and Clearstream will be credited, to the extent received by the Paying Agent, to the cash accounts of the 
relevant Participant in accordance with the Relevant Clearing System's procedures applicable to Gold 
Securities traded on the relevant platform. 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Series of Gold Securities is "intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility", such designation simply means that the Gold Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper (and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Gold 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Euroclear will be the Common Safekeeper.

--- Page 125 ---
M-67740053-19 
125 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Series of Gold Securities is not "intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility", should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Gold Securities are capable of meeting them, the Gold Securities may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper (and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as Common Safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Gold Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility.  
E. 
Records  
Gold Securities may be accepted for clearance through any Relevant Clearing System (which are the entities 
in charge of keeping the records). Gold Securities will be cleared through the Relevant Clearing System in 
whole numbers of Gold Securities only (for these purposes a Gold Security may be referred to as a unit by 
the Relevant Clearing System). 
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series Securities will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 126 ---
M-67740053-19 
126 
SECTION 14 – SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Gold Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following restrictions on offer and sales 
apply. 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for Gold Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised Participant(s) in 
respect of each Series of Gold Securities will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation and as a base prospectus by the FCA in its capacity as competent authority under 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to provide the competent authorities in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech 
Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, 
Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands, with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer may in due course request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in additional EEA States 
with such certificates. The provisions set out in this section "Selling Restrictions" should be construed accordingly. 
A. 
Non-Exempt Offers  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under (i) Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, 
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands and 
(ii) Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom (each such offer, a Non-exempt 
Offer and each jurisdiction, a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction). Any person making or intending to make a 
Non-exempt Offer of Gold Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's 
consent as described below. 
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Gold Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person who 
purchases any Gold Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by an Authorised Participant, where that offer is 
made during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Gold Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is 
unauthorised and the Issuer does not accept any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the 
actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, a prospective Securityholder is offered Gold Securities by a person 
which is not an Authorised Participant, the prospective Securityholder should check with such person 
whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
and, if so, who that person is. If a prospective Securityholder is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this 
Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, that prospective Securityholder should take legal 
advice. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of a Tranche of Gold Securities in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions during the Offer Period by any Authorised Participant named in the relevant Final Terms or any 
other financial intermediary in respect of the relevant Series of Gold Securities which is an investment firm 
within the meaning of MiFID2 and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID 2 in the relevant EEA State 
or, in the case of the United Kingdom, authorised in accordance with FSMA) (each an Authorised Offeror), 
provided that such Authorised Offeror complies with the selling restrictions set out herein. The Issuer will

--- Page 127 ---
M-67740053-19 
127 
publish on its website (www.zipa.co) information relating to any new Authorised Offeror that was not an 
Authorised Offeror as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Any Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus must state on its own website that it uses this 
Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent and conditions contained in this Base Prospectus.   
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made.  
Any offer or sale of the Gold Securities to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offer and such 
investor including price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Where such information is not 
contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it will be the responsibility of the applicable 
Authorised Offeror at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that information and none of 
the Issuer, Zipa Management, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Agent or any other Authorise 
Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information.  
B. 
Arrangements between a Securityholder and the Authorised Participant who will distribute the Gold 
Securities 
The Issuer does not have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Participant (or any such 
other person purporting to be an Authorised Offeror), including compliance by an Authorised Participant with 
applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
A prospective Securityholder intending to acquire or acquiring any Gold Securities from an Authorised 
Participant will do so, and offers and sales of the Gold Securities to such prospective Securityholders by an 
Authorised Participant will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between 
that Authorised Participant and such prospective Securityholder including as to price, allocations and 
settlement arrangements. These terms shall be provided to such prospective Securityholder by that 
Authorised Participant at the time the offer is made. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements 
with such prospective Securityholder and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not contain such 
information. Neither the Issuer nor any Authorised Participant has any responsibility or liability for such 
information.  
The Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content 
of this Base Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the 
Gold Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, 
Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, and The 
Netherlands and/or the United Kingdom by any Authorised Offeror. Such consent applies to any such resale 
or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the Prospectus Date (the Offer 
Period) unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the Issuer's Website. Any 
public offer of the Gold Securities in Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, 
Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden 
and The Netherlands will be conducted by an Authorised Offeror in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and any public offer of the Gold Securities in the United Kingdom will be conducted by an 
Authorised Offeror in accordance with the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
C. 
Offers by Authorised Participants  
In the event of a public offer in any Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, the Gold Securities may be offered and 
sold to persons who are legally eligible to participate in a public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction 
under applicable laws and regulations. 
D. 
European Economic Area

--- Page 128 ---
M-67740053-19 
128 
In relation to each EEA State, by entering into an Authorised Participant Agreement, each Authorised 
Participant represents and agrees that with effect from and including the Prospectus Date, it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Gold Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in that EEA State, except that it may, 
with effect from and including the Prospectus Date, make an offer of such Gold Securities to the public in 
that EEA State: 
(a) 
in the case of a Non-exempt Offer, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, following the Prospectus Date in relation to such Gold Securities which have 
been approved by the competent authority in the relevant EEA State, or, where appropriate, 
approved in another EEA State and notified to the competent authority in that EEA State in the 
period (if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Gold Securities referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an "offer of Gold Securities to the public" in relation 
to any Gold Securities in any EEA State means a communication in any form and by any means, presenting 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Gold Securities to be offered, so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase those Gold Securities. 
E. 
Irish Selling Restrictions  
Further, by entering into an Authorised Participant Agreement, each Authorised Participant undertakes and 
agrees that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Gold Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Gold Securities, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of: 
(a) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the PR Regulation, the RTS Regulation, and any applicable supporting 
law, rule or regulation and any Central Bank rules issued and/or in force pursuant to Section 1363 
of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended);  
(c) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of practice and any conditions or requirements, 
or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank;  
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse (as amended), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market abuse 
(Directive 2014/57/EU or CSMAD or MAD II), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 
(as amended) and any Central Bank rules issued and/or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act 2014 (as amended);

--- Page 129 ---
M-67740053-19 
129 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs) (as amended); and 
(f) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
F. 
By entering into an Authorised Participant Agreement, each Authorised Participant represents and agrees 
that with effect from and including the Prospectus Date, it has not made and will not make an offer of Gold 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms to the public in the United Kingdom, may, with effect from and including the 
Prospectus Date, make an offer of such Gold Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
in the case of a Non-exempt Offer, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, following the Prospectus Date in relation to such Gold Securities which 
either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had 
been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in 
Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 in the period (if any) 
beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(e) 
in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
as amended or superseded (the FSMA) 
provided that no such offer of Gold Securities referred to above shall require the Issuer or the Authorised 
Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a base prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
By entering into an Authorised Participant Agreement, each Authorised Participant represents and agrees 
that with effect from and including the Prospectus Date that 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Gold Securities in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Gold Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
G. 
US Selling Restrictions  
The Gold Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
law of any state or political sub-division of the United States or any of its territories, possessions or other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered under any federal laws 
of the United States. The Gold Securities include Gold Securities in bearer form that are subject to US tax 
law requirements.

--- Page 130 ---
M-67740053-19 
130 
No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the commodity 
futures trading commission (the CFTC). Any offer or sale of the Gold Securities must be made in a transaction 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder 
(Regulation S).  
The Gold Securities may not at any time be offered, sold or otherwise transferred in the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, persons who are either "US Persons" as defined in Regulation S or persons 
who do not come within the definition of a "Non-United States Person" under CFTC Rule 4.7 (excluding for 
the purposes of subsection (d) thereof, the exception to the extent it would apply to persons who are not 
Non-United States Persons). 
Gold Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the assets of,  
(a) 
 
(i) 
an Employee Benefit Plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA)) that is subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA;  
(ii) 
any plan to which Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Code) applies (a Plan); or  
(iii) an entity whose constituent assets include Plan Assets (as determined pursuant to the Plan 
Assets Regulation issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 
2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit 
Plan's or Plan's investment in the entity, or  
(b) 
a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any federal, state, 
local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code (a Similar Law) unless its acquisition and holding and disposition of such 
Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a violation of such Similar Law. The 
Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or 
beneficial owner of Gold Securities who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such 
Gold Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such Gold Securities held by 
such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such 
legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such Gold Securities on behalf of such legal or 
beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefore or the market value (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security prevailing at the time such transfer 
is voided. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code.

--- Page 131 ---
M-67740053-19 
131 
SECTION 15 – SINGLE MINE ORIGIN GOLD CRITERIA 
The Issuer is committed to supporting positive changes that benefit our society. It is their belief that investments 
must have a constructive impact on the real economy. When undertaken responsibly, gold mining can contribute 
substantially to the socio-economic development and wellbeing of its host communities and countries. Value is 
created and distributed in many ways, including through: employment; local procurement; tax revenues; enhanced 
infrastructure; and better access to healthcare and education. 
SMO Gold is fully traceable and responsibly sourced gold, satisfying a set of metrics and screening criteria, the 
satisfaction of which is determined by a third party service provider on behalf of the Issuer. Both mines and mining 
companies must satisfy the SMO Gold criteria to be classified as SMO Gold.  
Zipa Management (on behalf of the Issuer) has engaged a third party service provider, Single Mine Origin Ltd (SMO 
Ltd), who will be applying the SMO Gold methodology (as described in this Section 15) to ensure that all gold is 
segregated throughout the supply chain thereby guaranteeing the traceability of all Gold back to a specific mine, this 
guarantee will be backed up by an independent audit undertaken by a reputable audit firm engaged by SMO Ltd. 
SMO Ltd will make available to the Issuer a range of data about the mine including environmental, social and 
governance data.  
SMO Ltd is a private limited company incorporated in England and Wales on 27 September 2017. Its registered 
address is at 49-63 Spencer Street, Hockley, Birmingham, West Midlands, United Kingdom, B18 6DE. SMO Ltd is 
an independent service provider that provides data services to third parties. As described above, SMO Ltd has been 
engaged by Zipa Management to apply the SMO Gold criteria as described in this Section 15. SMO Ltd is not 
accredited, regulated or authorised by the LBMA or any other regulatory body. 
A range of criteria will be applied to a mine to determine whether the Gold it produces qualifies as SMO Gold, the 
criteria includes but is not limited to the international standards that the mine adhere to, the geographical location of 
the mine, and a number of environmental, social and governance factors.  
All refiners, mines, supply chain counterparties and mining companies selected to contribute to industrial sourcing 
of SMO Gold are analysed and rated through an internal proprietary methodology. This methodology is based on 
the analysis of an exhaustive set of criteria, which take into consideration the specifics of the mining company and 
the mine(s) in which it operates as well as the supply chain. The metrics and screening criteria are anticipated to 
evolve over time. These conditions are designed to provide investors with an enhanced level of scrutiny, along with 
full disclosure of the provenance of SMO Gold together with data from the mine that the gold is sourced from. 
In addition, the proprietary methodology has been developed specifically to analyse the mines through multiple 
different standards including: IRMA (Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance); RGMP (Responsible Gold 
Mining Principles); ICMM (International Council on Mining and Metals); GRI (Global Reporting Initiative); and 
SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) inputs. Examples of criteria to assess mine sites are: energy 
intensity; cyanide and mercury management; greenhouse gas emissions; tailings and waste management; water 
reused and recycled; and biodiversity impact. Examples of social criteria to assess mine sites are: labour relations; 
security and human rights; creating local employment; health and safety; local community investment projects; and 
engagement with communities. Examples of governance criteria to assess mining companies are: business ethics; 
impact assessments; stakeholder engagement; legal and regulatory compliance; combating corruption and bribery; 
and transparency. 
As part of the selection process any refiner used to refine SMO Gold will be LBMA signatories, and mines will adhere 
to the World Gold Council Responsible Gold Mining Principles or other equivalent standards. Further information on 
the 
LBMA 
Responsible 
Sourcing 
Programme 
can 
be 
found 
here 
https://cdn.lbma.org.uk/downloads/Publications/2021/Responsible-Gold-Guidance-Version-9-Final.pdf 
and 
the 
WGC's Responsible Gold Mining Principles can be found here https://www.gold.org/industry-standards/responsible-
gold-mining (in each case, as of the date of this Base Prospectus).  
The traceability of SMO Gold sourcing is guaranteed through independent auditing.

--- Page 132 ---
M-67740053-19 
132 
SECTION 16 – ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
A. 
General 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this document 
which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the Issuer's financial position or 
profitability. 
B. 
Sources 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the referenced third-party source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where third party information is used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information is identified.  
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
C. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Gold Securities remain Outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will be available in printed form for inspection by Securityholders and potential investors 
at the Registered Office of the Issuer at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, 
D01 P767, Ireland, during normal business hours on any Business Day, and also on the Issuer's website at 
www.zipa.co: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Issuer; 
(b) 
this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
each Trust Deed; and  
(d) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Issuer (once published). 
D. 
Issue Price  
The issue price is the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security and will be determined before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Series based on the prevailing market conditions.  
E. 
Post-Issuance Information 
During the term of a Series of Gold Securities, the Issuer will publish (a) the Gold Entitlement per Gold 
Security of each Series as described in Section 8 – Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold 
Securities; and (b) new information with respect to Authorised Participants unknown at the time of the 
Prospectus Date or the relevant Final Terms (as the case may be) on the Issuer's Website. In addition, the 
Issuer publishes the Bar List on each Business Day, which contains details of each bar of Gold held in the 
Secured Allocated Accounts.  
Save as mentioned in this section entitled Post-Issuance Information, the Issuer does not intend to provide 
any post-issuance information in relation to any Series of Gold Securities or the performance of any 
underlying assets. 
F. 
Irish Regulatory Notices

--- Page 133 ---
M-67740053-19 
133 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Gold Securities. Any 
investment in the Gold Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope 
of the Deposit Guarantee Scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
G. 
Website 
Any website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
H. 
Data Protection Notice 
By completing the Subscription Form or the Redemption Form, a Securityholder is providing personal data 
to the Issuer. This Data Protection Notice is intended to ensure that the Securityholder is aware of what 
personal data the Issuer holds and how that data is used. The Issuer will use the Securityholder's personal 
data only for the purposes and in the manner set forth below which describes the steps taken to ensure that 
the processing of personal data is in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 
2016/679) (GDPR), and any implementing legislation thereunder (Data Protection Legislation). 
This Data Protection Notice applies to Securityholders and to third parties whose information is provided by 
a Securityholder to the Issuer. The Issuer shall be considered a data controller in accordance with the Data 
Protection Legislation. 
The Securityholder must ensure that it provides a copy of this Data Protection Notice to any third parties 
whose personal data is provided to the Issuer. This Data Protection Notice applies to all personal data 
processed by the Issuer regardless of the media on which it is stored. The Issuer may update this Data 
Protection Notice at any time and will notify the Securityholder in writing of any changes. 
Personal data is any data relating to a living person who can be identified directly from that data, or indirectly 
in conjunction with other information. The Issuer will hold some or all of the following types of personal data: 
name, address, date of birth, bank details, telephone recordings etc. This personal data will be used by the 
Issuer for the purposes of: 
(a) 
carrying out legal and regulatory obligations which can include compliance with anti-money 
laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations; 
(b) 
disclosing personal data where required to do so by law or regulation which may include disclosure 
to third parties such as the auditors, the Irish Revenue Commissioners or other relevant tax 
authorities pursuant to applicable law; and 
(c) 
for any other legitimate business interests of the Issuer or a third party to whom the data is disclosed, 
where such interests are not overridden by the interests of the data subject, including for statistical 
analysis and market research purposes. 
Personal data will only be processed to the extent necessary for the purposes set out above for the Issuer's 
legitimate business interests. The Issuer will also process personal data as necessary to comply with legal 
obligations. The Issuer will inform the Securityholder in advance if it intends to further process personal data 
for a purpose other than as set out above. The Issuer may also seek the Securityholder's specific consent to 
the processing of personal data for other specific purposes. The Securityholder will have the right to withdraw 
such consent at any time. 
Failure to provide the required data may result in the Issuer being unable to process a Subscription Form or 
a Redemption Form, whichever is applicable. The Issuer will inform the Securityholder where the information 
asked for is a contractual requirement or needed to comply with legal obligations. 
The Securityholder's personal data will be disclosed to, and processed by, the Administrator, (who will be a 
data processor under the Data Protection Legislation) for the purposes of carrying out the services for the

--- Page 134 ---
M-67740053-19 
134 
Issuer and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, including anti-money laundering legislation or 
foreign regulatory requirements. The Administrator may in turn disclose the Securityholder's personal data 
to agents or other third parties where necessary to carry out these purposes. 
The Issuer may also disclose the Securityholder's personal data to: 
(a) 
the money laundering reporting officer, the Calculation Agent, and any duly authorised agents and 
related, associated or affiliated companies; 
(b) 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners; 
(c) 
the Central Bank; 
(d) 
agents of the Administrator who process the data for anti-money laundering purposes or for 
compliance with foreign regulatory requirements; and 
(e) 
other third parties including financial advisors, regulatory bodies, auditors, technology providers.  
The Issuer will take all reasonable steps, as required by Data Protection Legislation, to ensure the safety, 
privacy and integrity of the Securityholders personal data and where appropriate, enter into contracts with 
such third parties to protect the privacy and integrity of such data and any information supplied. 
The Issuer may transfer the Securityholder's personal data to countries outside of Ireland which may not 
have the same data protection laws as Ireland. The Securityholder's personal data will not be transferred to 
a country outside of the EEA unless that country ensures an adequate level of data protection. The Issuer 
will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that personal data is treated securely, and that appropriate 
safeguards are in place to protect the privacy and integrity of such personal data, in accordance with Data 
Protection Legislation. The Securityholder should contact the Issuer if it wishes to obtain information 
concerning such safeguards. 
The Issuer takes all reasonable steps as required by Data Protection Legislation to ensure the safety, privacy 
and integrity of the Securityholder's personal data. The Issuer will retain personal data only for so long as is 
necessary to carry out the purposes set out above and to comply with any legal obligations. In determining 
appropriate retention periods, the Issuer shall have regard to the requirements of the Central Bank and its 
obligations to retain information, including under anti-money laundering, revenue and tax legislation.   
The Securityholder has a right to obtain a copy of, and the right to rectify any inaccuracies in, the personal 
data that the Issuer holds by making a request in writing. The Securityholder also has the right to request 
erasure, restriction, portability or object to the processing of personal data or not to be subject to a decision 
based on automated processing, including profiling. The Securityholder(s) should inform us of any changes 
to personal data. The Issuer will respond to requests in writing, or orally if requested, as soon as practicable 
and in any event not more than one month after receipt of a request.   
The Securityholder has the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner if 
unhappy with how its personal data is being handled. If the Securityholder has any queries regarding this 
Data Protection Notice, it should contact the Issuer at zipa@apexgroup.com.

--- Page 135 ---
M-67740053-19 
135 
SECTION 17 – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€ 
€ ................................................................................. 38 
A 
Account Bank ........................................................... 72 
Account Bank Agreement ....................................... 73 
Accounts Directive ................................................... 52 
Actual Redemption Sale Proceeds ......................... 73 
Administration Agreement ...................................... 73 
Administrator ...................................................... 49, 73 
Affiliate ...................................................................... 38 
Agency Agreement .................................................. 73 
Agent Redemption Event Notice ..................... 73, 100 
Agents ....................................................................... 73 
AIFM .......................................................................... 36 
AIFMD ........................................................................ 36 
AIFs ........................................................................... 36 
AP Modification ...................................................... 113 
Applicable Irish and EU AML Legislation ............... 16 
Authorised Offeror ................................................. 126 
Authorised Participant ................................. 10, 38, 73 
Authorised Participant Agreement ................... 38, 73 
B 
Bar List ...................................................................... 38 
Base Prospectus ...................................................... 38 
Basic Terms Modification ...................................... 113 
Bearer ........................................................................ 87 
Bearer Securities .................................... 14, 38, 73, 86 
Business Day ............................................................ 73 
C 
Calculation Agency Agreement .............................. 73 
Calculation Agent ..................................................... 73 
Calculation Agent Breach ................................ 73, 107 
CEA.......................................................................... 130 
Central Bank ............................................................... 2 
Certificated ............................................................... 73 
Certificated Form ..................................................... 73 
CFTC........................................................................ 130 
CFTC Rules ............................................................. 130 
CGN ..................................................................... 74, 86 
Change in law or regulation Redemption Event .. 101 
CIMA .......................................................................... 50 
CJEU.......................................................................... 32 
Clearing System Business Day ............................... 74 
Clearstream .............................................................. 74 
Code ................................................................ 115, 130 
COMI .......................................................................... 32 
Common Depositary ................................................ 74 
Common Safekeeper................................................ 74 
Compulsory Daily Sale Number .............................. 74 
Compulsory Gold Sale Date .................................... 74 
Compulsory Redemption ................................... 25, 74 
Compulsory Redemption Date ................................ 74 
Compulsory Redemption Event ...................... 74, 100 
Compulsory Redemption Settlement Date ..... 74, 103 
Compulsory Sale Number ........................................ 74 
Conditions ........................................................... 38, 75 
Corporate Services Agreement ............................... 75 
Corporate Services Provider ............................. 50, 75 
CRS .......................................................................... 123 
Custodian ...................................................... 51, 55, 75 
Custody Agreements ............................................... 38 
Custody Redemption Event Notice ................. 75, 100 
D 
DAC.......................................................................... 123 
Data Protection Legislation ................................... 133 
Default Redemption Event Notice ................... 75, 101 
Definitive Certificate ................................................. 75 
Definitive Registered Security ................................. 75 
Denomination ........................................................... 75 
Directive .................................................................... 34 
Directors .................................................................... 38 
Disrupted Redemption Method ............................. 105 
Disruption Event ............................................... 75, 104 
Disruption Postponable Date ................................ 105 
E 
EEA State .................................................................. 38 
Electronic Consent ................................................... 75 
Eligible Account Bank .............................................. 75 
Employee Benefit Plan ................................... 115, 130 
English Security Assignment .................................. 69 
English Security Deed .............................................. 75 
ERISA .............................................................. 115, 130 
EU .............................................................................. 38 
EU Insolvency Regulation ....................................... 32 
Euro ..................................................................... 38, 75 
Euroclear ................................................................... 75 
Event of Default .......................................... 14, 75, 101 
Exchange Date .................................................... 76, 87 
Extended Swap Period ....................................... 76, 93 
Extraordinary Resolution ......................................... 76 
F 
FCA ........................................................................ 2, 38 
Final Terms ............................................................... 76 
First Compulsory Gold Sale Date ........................... 76 
First Secured Allocated Custody Agreement .. 40, 76 
First Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement .... 40 
Fixed Charge ............................................................. 69 
Fixing ......................................................................... 38 
Fixing Price ............................................................... 38 
FSMA ................................................................. 38, 129 
Further Tranche ........................................................ 76

--- Page 136 ---
M-67740053-19 
136 
G 
GBP ........................................................................... 76 
GDPR ....................................................................... 133 
Global Bearer Security............................................. 76 
Global Registered Certificate .................................. 76 
Global Reporting Initiative ..................................... 131 
Global Security ......................................................... 76 
Gold ..................................................................... 39, 76 
Gold Agent ................................................................ 76 
Gold Agent Agreement ............................................ 76 
Gold Delivery ............................................................ 76 
Gold Entitlement ................................................ 76, 89 
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security ........................ 76 
Gold Reference Price ............................................... 39 
Gold Sale ................................................................... 76 
Gold Sale Date .......................................................... 76 
Gold Securities ................................................. 77, 117 
Gold Swap ........................................................... 14, 77 
Gold Swap Amount .................................................. 77 
Gold Swap Date ........................................................ 77 
Gold Swap Notice ............................................... 77, 92 
Gold Swap Order ...................................................... 77 
Gold Swap Premium Amount .................................. 77 
Gold Swap Trigger ............................................. 77, 92 
Good Delivery ........................................................... 39 
H 
holder .................................................................. 40, 84 
I 
ICSD........................................................................... 39 
ILR ........................................................................... 120 
Individual Securities ................................................ 39 
Initial Gold Entitlement ............................................ 77 
Initial Swap Period ................................................... 77 
Initial Tranche ........................................................... 77 
Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance ....... 131 
International Council on Mining and Metals ........ 131 
Irish Fixed Charge .................................................... 68 
Irish Security Assignment ....................................... 68 
Irish Security Deed ................................................... 77 
ISIN .......................................................................... 125 
Issue Date ................................................................. 77 
Issue Price ................................................................ 77 
Issuer..................................................................... 1, 77 
Issuer Call Redemption Event ........................... 13, 77 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice ....................... 77, 100 
Issuer Cash Accounts.............................................. 39 
Issuer Expenses Cash Account .............................. 78 
Issuer Insolvency Event .......................................... 78 
Issuer Premium Account ......................................... 78 
Issuer Redemption Cash Account .......................... 78 
Issuer Redemption Notice ............................... 78, 101 
Issuer's Website ....................................................... 78 
Issuing Agent ........................................................... 78 
K 
k ................................................................................. 42 
KYC ............................................................................ 12 
L 
LBMA ................................................................... 39, 78 
LBMA Gold Price ...................................................... 46 
LGD gold bar ............................................................. 44 
listed ............................................................................ 3 
London Code ............................................................ 46 
London Stock Exchange ............................................ 3 
Loss ........................................................................... 78 
LPMCL ....................................................................... 46 
M 
Management Agreement .................................... 39, 78 
Management Fee ................................................ 39, 78 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive ............ 39 
Master Swap Agreement .......................................... 78 
Master Trust Deed .............................................. 53, 72 
Meeting ...................................................................... 78 
Member State ............................................................ 32 
Metal Auditor .......................................................... 149 
MiFID2 .................................................................... 2, 39 
N 
Net Redemption Sale Proceeds .............................. 78 
NGN ..................................................................... 78, 86 
Non-AP Securityholder ...................................... 39, 78 
Non-Disrupted Day ................................................... 78 
Non-exempt Offer ................................................... 126 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction .............................. 126 
Non-SMO Gold .................................................... 39, 79 
Non-SMO Gold Amount ........................................... 79 
Notice Deadline ........................................................ 79 
NSS ............................................................................ 86 
O 
Obligor ....................................................................... 79 
OECD ....................................................................... 123 
Offer Period ............................................................. 127 
On-Exchange ............................................................ 39 
Operating Procedures .............................................. 79 
Optional Redemption ............................................... 79 
OTC Market ............................................................... 39 
ounces ....................................................................... 39 
Outstanding .............................................................. 79 
Over-allocated Gold ................................................. 80 
Over-allocated Gold Proceeds ................................ 80 
oz ............................................................................... 39 
P 
Participants ............................................................. 124 
Paying Agent ............................................................ 80 
Payment Business Day ............................................ 80 
Plan .................................................................. 115, 130

--- Page 137 ---
M-67740053-19 
137 
Plan Assets ..................................................... 115, 130 
Plan Assets Regulation ................................. 115, 130 
PRA............................................................................ 39 
PRIIPs ...................................................................... 129 
Principal .................................................................... 80 
Principal Amount ..................................................... 80 
Proceedings ...................................................... 80, 118 
Programme ......................................................... 39, 72 
Programme Document ............................................. 80 
Programme Documents ........................................... 81 
Programme Effective Date ....................................... 81 
Programme Maximum Number of Gold Securities 81 
Programme Party ..................................................... 81 
Prohibited Gold Holder ............................................ 81 
Prohibited Physical Redemption ............................ 81 
Prospectus .............................................................. 141 
Prospectus Date ............................................. 2, 39, 81 
Prospectus Regulation .................................. 2, 39, 81 
R 
Recast UCITS Directive............................................ 36 
Record Date .............................................................. 81 
Redeeming Securityholder ...................................... 81 
Redemption .............................................................. 81 
Redemption Fee ....................................................... 81 
Redemption Form .................................................... 81 
Redemption Limit ..................................................... 81 
Redemption Mechanism .......................................... 81 
Redemption Settlement Date .................................. 82 
Register ..................................................................... 82 
Registered ................................................................. 87 
Registered Office ..................................................... 40 
Registered Securities............................. 14, 40, 82, 86 
Registrar ................................................................... 82 
Regulated Market ..................................................... 40 
Regulation S ........................................................... 130 
Related Rights .......................................................... 82 
Relevant Clearing System ................................. 40, 82 
Relevant Currency ................................................... 82 
Relevant Date ................................................... 82, 111 
Relevant Market ........................................................ 40 
Relevant Proportion ................................................. 82 
Relevant Provisions ................................................. 82 
Relevant Stock Exchange .................................. 40, 83 
Relevant Territory .................................................. 120 
Responsible Gold Mining Principles .................... 131 
RIS ............................................................................. 83 
S 
Section 110 ............................................................... 29 
Secured Accounts .................................................... 83 
Secured Allocated Account ..................................... 83 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreement ................. 40 
Secured Allocated Custody Agreements ............... 83 
Secured Cash Accounts .......................................... 83 
Secured Liabilities ........................................... 83, 117 
Secured Parties ................................................ 83, 117 
Secured Property ............................................. 83, 117 
Secured Unallocated Account ................................. 83 
Secured Unallocated Custody Agreement ....... 40, 83 
Securities Act ....................................................... 3, 83 
Securities Delivery Obligation ........................... 83, 96 
Security ..................................................................... 83 
Security Deed ........................................................... 83 
Security Document ................................................... 84 
Security Trustee ....................................................... 72 
Securityholder .................................................... 40, 84 
Securityholder Cash Account ................................. 84 
Securityholder Unallocated Gold Account ............. 84 
Series ......................................................................... 84 
Series Issue Date ...................................................... 84 
SIBL ........................................................................... 50 
Similar Law ..................................................... 115, 130 
SMO ........................................................................... 84 
SMO Contract ........................................................... 84 
SMO Gold .................................................................. 41 
SMO Gold Premium .................................................. 84 
SMO Limited ..................................................... 84, 131 
Subscribe .................................................................. 84 
Subscribing ............................................................... 84 
Subscription ............................................................. 84 
Subscription Amount ............................................... 85 
Subscription Fee ...................................................... 85 
Subscription Form.................................................... 85 
Subscription Minimum ....................................... 11, 85 
Subscription Settlement Date ................................. 85 
Subscription Suspension Event ............................. 85 
Substituted Obligor ................................................ 114 
Supplemental Trust Deed .................................. 53, 72 
Suspended Day ................................................ 85, 104 
Suspension Notice ........................................... 85, 105 
Suspension Period ........................................... 85, 104 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) ...... 131 
Swap Counterparty................................................... 85 
Swap Period ........................................................ 14, 85 
T 
TARGET2 ................................................................... 85 
Tax ............................................................................. 85 
Taxes ......................................................................... 85 
TER ................................................................ 64, 85, 90 
Threshold Event Date ......................................... 85, 99 
Threshold Redemption Event .......................... 13, 100 
Total Expense Ratio ..................................... 64, 85, 90 
Trade Date ................................................................. 85 
Tranche ............................................................. 85, 141 
Transfer Agent .......................................................... 86 
Trust Deed ........................................................... 53, 72 
Trustee ...................................................................... 72 
U 
UCITS ................................................................... 36, 86 
UCITS Scheme .......................................................... 15 
UK .............................................................................. 41 
UK Anti-money Laundering Regulations ................ 16 
UK Prospectus Regulation ........................................ 2

--- Page 138 ---
M-67740053-19 
138 
Uncertificated Form ................................................. 86 
United Kingdom ....................................................... 41 
United States ............................................................ 41 
US .............................................................................. 41 
US Dollar ................................................................... 86 
USD............................................................................ 86 
V 
VAT ............................................................................ 41 
Vault .......................................................................... 41 
W 
Written Resolution.................................................... 86 
X 
Xetra ............................................................................ 3 
Z 
zero coupon .............................................................. 41 
Zipa Investments .......................................... 41, 50, 86 
Zipa Management ......................................... 41, 50, 86 
Zipa Management Group ................................... 41, 86

--- Page 139 ---
M-67740053-19 
139 
SECTION 18 – DIRECTORY 
 
ISSUER 
 
CUSTODIAN 
Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company  
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street 
Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland 
 
HSBC Bank PLC 
8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom 
 
DIRECTORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Maria Dawson 
Rhys Owens 
 
 
Apex Corporate Trustees (UK) Limited  
6th Floor, 125 London Wall, London EC2Y 5AS, 
United Kingdom 
 
ADMINISTRATOR AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited  
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street 
Lower, Dublin, D01 P767, Ireland 
 
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street 
Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland 
 
ACCOUNT BANK 
 
ISSUING AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
HSBC Continental Europe 
1 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, 
Dublin 2, D02 P820, Ireland 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch  
160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, 
United Kingdom 
 
CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
 
GOLD AGENT 
Apex IFS Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street 
Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland 
 
HSBC Bank PLC 
8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United 
Kingdom 
 
MANAGER 
 
AUDITORS 
Zipa Management Limited 
89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, KY1-9009, Grand 
Cayman, Cayman Islands 
 
 
Mazars 
3, Harcourt Centre, 2 Harcourt Rd, Saint Kevin's, 
Dublin 2, D02 A339

--- Page 140 ---
M-67740053-19 
140 
IRISH LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
IRISH LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE TRUSTEE 
AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
3 Dublin Landings, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 
C4E0, Ireland 
 
 
Mason Hayes and Curran LLP 
South Bank House, Barrow St, Dublin 4, D04 TR29, 
Ireland 
 
 
ENGLISH LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER 
Hill Dickinson LLP 
The Broadgate Tower, 20 Primrose Street, London 
EC2A 2EW, United Kingdom

--- Page 141 ---
M-67740053-19 
141 
ANNEX 1– FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche is set out below (subject to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and/or instructions) 
Final Terms dated [  •  ] 20[  •  ] 
Programme for the Issue of Gold Securities  
Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company (the Issuer) 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, D01 P767, Ireland 
Issue of [specify number of Gold Securities comprising the relevant Tranche] of [specify Series ] issued under the 
Programme (the Tranche) 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus (the Prospectus) dated [  •  ] 2024 in relation to the above 
Programme) relates to the issue of the Gold Securities referred to above. Terms used in these Final Terms have the 
same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
The Gold Securities are issued in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions as outlined in more 
detail in Section 11 (Terms and Conditions of the Gold Securities) (the Conditions).  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the establishment 
of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of the Issuer 
passed on [  •  ] 20[  •  ]. 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and for filing with the 
relevant competent authority for the purposes of Article 8(4) thereof.][These Final Terms have been prepared 
for the purpose of the UK Prospectus Regulation and for filing with the relevant competent authority for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) thereof.]1 
[These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement thereto, which are 
published on the Issuer's Website at www.zipa.co pursuant to Article 21 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.][These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement 
thereto, which are published on the Issuer's Website at www.zipa.co pursuant to Article 21 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.]2  An investor will only have full information on the Issuer and the offer of Gold 
Securities if it reads these Final Terms and the Prospectus are read together.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing final terms or adding any other information, consideration should be given as to whether such 
terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation / UK Prospectus Regulation.] 
All provisions in the Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are indicated as not applicable, 
not completed or deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
 
 
1 To be deleted as necessary depending on whether the relevant Final Terms are issued under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
2 To be deleted as necessary depending on whether the relevant Final Terms are issued under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 142 ---
M-67740053-19 
142 
Issuer (and LEI) 
Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company 
LEI: [  •  ] 
Series  
[  •  ] 
Type 
Debt Securities  
Tranche 
[  •  ] 
Series Number: 
[  •  ] 
ISIN 
[  •  ] 
Principal Amount 
[  •  ] 
Trading Method 
Units  
Relevant Currency  
[  •  ] 
Aggregate number of the Series of 
Gold Securities to which these Final 
Terms apply: 
 
(a) Comprising the Tranche (A) 
[  •  ] 
(b) Prior to the issue of this Tranche 
[  •  ] 
(c) Immediately following the issue of 
this Tranche 
[= (a) + (b)] 
Issue Date 
[  •  ] 
Trade Date  
[  •  ] 
Gold Entitlement per Gold Security 
pertaining to this Tranche on the 
Trade Date (B) 
[  •  ] Examples of how the Gold Entitlement is calculated is set 
out in Section 8 (Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold 
Securities). The Administrator may use the 3.00pm London 
Gold Fix to value the gold in the Issuer’s financial accounts 
which is freely available at: https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-
data/precious-metal-prices#/table.  Current and historical gold 
pricing information, including daily prices, can be obtained from 
the LBMA website at www.lbma.org.uk/.  
Gold Entitlement (AxB) 
[  •  ] 
Total Expense Ratio  
[as at issue date] 
Subscription Minimum 
[  •  ] [not applicable] 
Subscription Maximum 
[  •  ] [not applicable] 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer: 
 
Issue Price 
100 per cent. of the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security in 
respect of the Trade Date for a Subscription.  
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
 
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, 
the Authorised Offeror will provide information to investors in 
accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions as

--- Page 143 ---
M-67740053-19 
143 
outlined in more detail in Section 11 (Terms and Conditions 
of the Gold Securities) (the Conditions). 
Information on current and 
historical Gold price 
The Administrator may use the 3.00pm London Gold Fix to 
value the gold in the Issuer’s financial accounts which is freely 
available at:  
https://www.lbma.org.uk/prices-and-data/precious-metal-
prices#/table  
Current and historical gold pricing information, including daily 
prices, can be obtained from the LBMA website at 
www.lbma.org.uk/  
Description of the time period, 
including any possible amendments 
during which the offer will be open 
and a description of the application 
process: 
 
In respect of any Gold Securities, offers may be made at any 
time during the period from and including the date of the Base 
Prospectus to (but excluding) the date falling 12 months after 
the date of the Base Prospectus. There is no application 
process for potential purchasers. Instead, each Authorised 
Offeror may offer to investors in agreed transactions. 
Specified Denominations 
The Gold Securities may be traded in integral multiples of one 
Interest Type 
Zero coupon 
Default Interest 
Not applicable 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the 
securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the securities will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the securities are capable of 
meeting them the securities may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the  Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
Form 
[Bearer Securities: [ Global Bearer Security which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Certificates in  the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Bearer Security] 
 [Registered Securities: [The Global Registered Certificate will 
be registered in the name of a [nominee]/[common

--- Page 144 ---
M-67740053-19 
144 
safekeeper]/[depositary] for [Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg] 
[NGN Form: [not applicable]/[applicable]] 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the Gold 
Securities 
As individually agreed between a purchaser and the relevant 
Authorised Purchaser.  
Scheduled Maturity Date 
[  •  ] 
Redemption Date 
Not applicable.  
Expenses or taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser of this 
Tranche (including SMO Gold 
Premium) 
[  •  ] [not applicable] 
Countries where the Prospectus has 
been notified 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authorities of 
Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, 
Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden and The 
Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Process for notifying applicants of 
the amount allotted and whether 
dealing may begin before notification 
is made 
[  •  ] 
Process for reducing subscriptions 
and the manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess 
[  •  ] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place 
[  •  ] 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents in each 
country 
[  •  ] 
[Method of delivery] 
[Non-syndicated] 
Delivery 
Against payment 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, 
and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or 
under "best efforts" arrangements. 
Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the 
portion not covered 
n/a 
Non-exempt Offer 
[Not Applicable] 
Additional Information

--- Page 145 ---
M-67740053-19 
145 
Listing  
Application will be made for the Gold Securities to be admitted 
to the official list of the UK Listing Authority and for the Gold 
Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the 
London Stock Exchange. 
[Application will be made to the Frankfurt Stock Exchange for 
the Gold Securities to be admitted to trading on the Xetra, the 
regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.] 
[The earliest date on which the Gold Securities will be admitted 
to trading on [Main Market of the London Stock Exchange] / 
[Xetra, the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
will be [•].] 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading for the relevant 
Tranche: 
 
[  •  ] 
Relevant Stock Exchange(s) 
[London Stock Exchange (main market)] 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Xetra)] 
 
Reasons for the Offer  
The net proceeds from the issue of each Series of Gold 
Securities will be an amount of Gold which will ultimately be held 
in the Secured Accounts in respect of such Series . Such Gold 
shall be used to meet the Issuer’s obligations under such Series 
of Gold Securities. 
Relevant Clearing System  
Euroclear 
Clearstream 
 
Registrar 
 
[  •  ] 
 
Transfer Agent 
[  •  ] 
 
Issuing Agent  
[  •  ] 
Paying Agent 
[  •  ] 
 
 
Authorised Participants  
As at the Issue Date of the Tranche of Gold Securities to which 
these Final Terms relate:  
[give name and address of institution] 
The full list of Authorised Participants in respect of the Series 
from time to time will be published at [  •  ] (or such other website 
as may be notified to Securityholders). 
Calculation Agent 
[  •  ] 
Administrator  
[  •  ] 
Trustee 
[  •  ]

--- Page 146 ---
M-67740053-19 
146 
Account Bank 
[  •  ] 
Jurisdiction  
The courts of Ireland have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any Gold 
Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Gold Securities (the 
Proceedings) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives 
any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the benefit of 
each of the Trustee and the Securityholders and shall not limit 
the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or 
not).

--- Page 147 ---
M-67740053-19 
147 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION  
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the Tranche of Gold 
Securities described herein pursuant to the Programme. 
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), in accordance with the 
Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised Participant Agreement(s), create and issue further securities either 
having the same terms and conditions as this Tranche in all respects or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine 
at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities.  
So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Gold Securities has an interest material to the 
offer. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: ............................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 148 ---
M-67740053-19 
148 
ANNEX 2– FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions, which a prospective investor may have when considering 
an investment in Gold Securities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this section is not intended to act as a summary of the Base Prospectus, the Programme, 
or as a substitute for any other information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
A prospective Securityholder must read the entirety of this Base Prospectus (including the relevant Final Terms) 
before making an investment in Gold Securities.  
 
# 
Question  
Answer  
General  
1 
What are Gold Securities?  
Gold Securities are secured, zero coupon debt securities issued by 
Zipa Precious Metals Public Limited Company. 
The Gold Securities offer investors a means of investing in physical 
gold without being required to take delivery of that gold. This fungibility 
enables investors to buy and sell their interest in gold by way of trading 
a security on a stock exchange. 
2 
What are the SMO Physical 
Gold ETC Securities? 
The SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities are backed by, and offer 
Securityholders exposure to physical gold held in custody by HSBC 
Bank PLC as Custodian. 
3 
How do the Gold Securities 
give exposure to physical 
gold?  
The Gold Securities are backed by physical Gold held in the secure 
Vaults of a Custodian. The physical Gold backing the Gold Securities 
demonstrates the capacity to produce funds to service any payments 
due and payable on the Gold Securities. 
Securityholders have the option to redeem their Gold Securities against 
the delivery of a gold equivalent to the Gold Entitlement of the Gold 
Securities being redeemed (less applicable fees). 
The Gold that backs the Gold Securities must meet the "Good Delivery" 
standards set by the LBMA.  
4 
How are Gold Securities 
traded?  
 
Only Authorised Participants may apply for Gold Securities directly with 
the Issuer, at a subscription price equal to the amount of the Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security on the relevant date.  
Once an Authorised Participant applies for Gold Securities with the 
Issuer, that Authorised Participant may:  
• 
choose to hold the Gold Securities itself;  
• 
sell those Gold Securities on a Relevant Stock Exchange; 
• 
sell those Gold Securities in the OTC Market; or  
• 
redeem the Gold Securities directly with the Issuer. 
Investors other than Authorised Participants are able to trade Gold 
Securities on any Relevant Stock Exchange or in the OTC Market. 
5 
Are the Gold Securities debt 
securities? 
Yes. The Gold Securities are debt securities. They can be bought or 
sold between two parties and have defined characteristics including an 
issue date, maturity value, scheduled maturity date and earn an interest 
equivalent, each of which is set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
6 
Do the Gold Securities have 
a principal amount? 
The principal amount of the Gold Securities is set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
M-67740053-19 
149 
# 
Question  
Answer  
7 
Do the Gold Securities bear 
interest?  
The Gold Securities are zero-coupon securities. They bear a return 
equivalent to interest on the earlier of maturity or redemption equal to 
the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or Redemption Date (as applicable) less the Issue Price. 
Storage  
8 
Where and how is the Gold 
stored?  
The physical gold that backs the Gold Securities are held in Vaults by 
the Custodian in the name of the Issuer.  
The Gold attributable to the Gold Securities is held in secured allocated 
accounts, except for the portion held in unallocated accounts for short 
periods of time to maximise the efficiency of the Redemption process. 
Gold may also be held in the Vaults of a Sub-custodian. 
9 
What is the Vault?  
In respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities, either HSBC Bank 
PLC's vault in London where HSBC Bank PLC, as Custodian, holds the 
Gold or the vault of a Sub-custodian where Gold is held. 
10 
What 
is 
an 
allocated 
account? 
Allocated accounts relating to the Gold Securities are held with a 
Custodian in the name of the Issuer. The allocated account evidences 
that uniquely identifiable bars of gold have been "allocated" to the 
Issuer and are segregated from other bars of gold.  
The Issuer has full title to the Gold held in the Secured Allocated 
Accounts and there should not be any credit risk exposure to the 
Custodian as a result. 
11 
Is it possible to know which 
bars of Gold back the Gold 
Securities?  
Yes. The Custodian maintains a list of the physical gold it holds in 
allocated accounts – known as the Bar List - which can be found on the 
Issuer's Website at www.zipa.co.  
12 
What 
is 
an 
unallocated 
account? 
The Custodian will hold Gold in unallocated accounts. Gold held in this 
form does not entitle the holder to any specific bars of Gold. Instead, 
the holder has a general entitlement to a certain amount of gold, which 
is recorded in the Custodian’s 
books records. 
  
As the Gold held in the unallocated account is not segregated, this 
means that the Securityholder’s position is that of an unsecured 
creditor, and it will have a credit risk exposure to the Custodian as a 
result.   
Audit and Insurance  
13 
Is the Gold audited?  
Yes. The Gold held at the Custodian to back the Gold Securities is 
audited at least annually by an independent metal audit firm, Bureau 
Veritas (the Metal Auditor).  
 
The Metal Auditor inspects the Gold held at the Custodian to ensure 
that it matches in all respects the Gold disclosed as held on the Bar 
List. 
14 
Is the Gold insured?  
The Custodian maintains such insurance over the Gold held in its 
Vaults as it considers commercially reasonable (although it is under no 
duty to provide insurance for the benefit of the Issuer in respect of the 
Gold). The Issuer does not and will not be required to maintain any 
insurance policy or similar arrangement in respect of the Gold held in 
the Secured Accounts.

--- Page 150 ---
M-67740053-19 
150 
# 
Question  
Answer  
Roles of the Relevant Parties  
15 
Who is the Custodian and 
what does it do? 
The Custodian in respect of the SMO Physical Gold ETC Securities is 
HSBC Bank PLC.  
The Custodian is responsible for the safekeeping of the Gold which 
backs the Gold Securities. 
16 
Who are the Trustee and the 
Security Trustee what do 
they do?  
The Trustee and the Security Trustee are both Apex Corporate 
Trustees (UK) Limited , an independent entity whose role is to act as 
trustee on behalf of Securityholders in accordance with the Trust Deed 
and to act as security trustee on behalf of Securityholders and the other 
Secured Parties in accordance with the Security Deeds. The Trustee 
holds its rights on behalf of Securityholders and the Security Trustee 
holds its right on behalf of Secured Parties. 
17 
Who 
are 
the 
Authorised 
Participants and what do 
they do?  
Authorised Participants are financial institutions who meet certain 
eligibility requirements and who have entered into an Authorised 
Participant Agreement with the Issuer.  
Only Authorised Participants are allowed to subscribe for Gold 
Securities directly with the Issuer.  
Authorised Participants are under no obligation to act as market makers 
for the Gold Securities. Authorised Participants may buy and sell the 
Gold Securities On-Exchange or in the OTC Market but are under no 
obligation to do so. This may affect the liquidity of the Gold Securities. 
18 
Can a Securityholder take 
physical 
delivery 
of 
the 
Gold?  
Yes, a Gold Security carries a right on Redemption to delivery in Gold 
of an amount equal to the Gold Entitlement per Gold Security.  
In the case of a Non-AP Securityholder, this right is subject to certain 
qualifications (namely that it is not prohibited by law to hold gold, it 
specifies a gold account for the Gold to be transferred to and it passes 
the Issuer's KYC checks). 
19 
Who is the Gold Agent and 
what does it do? 
The Gold Agent is HSBC Bank PLC. The Gold Agent will, amongst 
other things, effect the sale of the Gold where the required Redemption 
Mechanism is a Gold Sale. 
Value of the Gold Securities  
20 
What 
is 
the 
Gold 
Entitlement?  
The Gold Entitlement of a particular Series of Gold Securities is the 
quantity (an amount in fine troy ounces) of the Gold that each Gold 
Security represents.  
Examples of how the Gold Entitlement is calculated is set out in 
Section 8 – Determining the Value of an Investment in Gold 
Securities.  
The Issuer will calculate and publish the Gold Entitlement per Gold 
Security in respect of each calendar day on its website. 
21 
How do I determine the value 
of my investment?  
The value of an investment in Gold Securities will depend on the bid 
and offer prices on the Relevant Stock Exchange at the particular time.  
These prices are expected to be close to the cash value of the Gold 
Entitlement per Gold Security at that time.  
Investing in Gold Securities

--- Page 151 ---
M-67740053-19 
151 
# 
Question  
Answer  
22 
Who is the "holder" of the 
Gold Securities? 
If the Gold Securities are held through a clearing system or by a bank's 
or broker's nominee (which will usually be the case), the legal "holder" 
will either be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the 
depositary for the Gold Securities or the person entered in the register 
as the Securityholder. An investor's rights in relation to the Gold 
Securities will be governed by the contract the investor has with their 
broker, custodian or other entity through which the investor holds their 
interest in the Gold Securities and the contracts they have with the 
clearing system and any intermediaries in between. Accordingly, where 
this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable 
by, a Securityholder then an investor's ability to benefit from or exercise 
such right will be dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
23 
What 
is 
the 
minimum 
investment?  
The minimum investment in the secondary market is one Gold Security. 
Subscriptions by Authorised Participant will be subject to a Subscription 
Minimum.  
24 
Can an investor lose more 
than its initial investment?  
An investor who buys and holds its Gold Securities cannot lose more 
than its initial investment.  
25 
Can an investor lose all of its 
investment?  
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of its initial investment by virtue 
of the movements in the price of gold and application of the Total 
Expense Ratio. 
26 
Do 
Gold 
Securities 
pay 
interest? 
No. Gold Securities are zero coupon securities, but they pay an interest 
equivalent return on maturity. 
27 
Are investors charged a fee 
for holding Gold Securities? 
Yes, investors are charged a fee in respect of the holding of the Gold 
Securities (the Total Expense Ratio). This is deducted each day by a 
reduction in the Per Gold Security Entitlement to Gold.  
28 
Do Gold Securities have a set 
maturity date? 
Yes, the Gold Securities have a maturity date, being the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
29 
Are there transaction costs 
on exchange for buying and 
selling Gold Securities? 
Investors who buy and sell Gold Securities on exchange or in 
transactions other than with the Issuer may be charged additional costs 
by other parties (for example brokerage fees) in respect of those 
transactions. 
30 
Does it cost me money to 
redeem my Gold Securities?  
There are no Redemption Fees if a Securityholder sells its Gold 
Securities in the secondary market.  
However, if a Securityholder redeems the Gold Securities directly 
from the Issuer, a Redemption Fee applies. The cost of a Redemption 
varies depending on the type of Redemption and the nature of the 
Securityholder. In the case of an Optional Redemption, Gold 
Securityholders who are not Authorised Participants will be notified of 
the applicable fee upon redemption, which will not be greater than 2% 
of the gold value being redeemed.